{\rtf1\mac\deff2 {\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss Chicago;}{\f2\froman New York;}{\f3\fswiss Geneva;}{\f4\fmodern Monaco;}{\f13\fnil Zapf Dingbats;}{\f14\fnil Bookman;}{\f15\fnil N Helvetica Narrow;}{\f16\fnil Palatino;}{\f18\fnil Zapf Chancery;}{\f20\froman Times;}
{\f21\fswiss Helvetica;}{\f22\fmodern Courier;}{\f23\ftech Symbol;}{\f33\fnil Avant Garde;}{\f34\fnil New Century Schlbk;}{\f186\fnil B Goudy Bold;}{\f187\fnil BI Goudy BoldItalic;}{\f188\fnil I Goudy Italic;}{\f189\fnil Goudy;}
{\f193\fnil L Helvetica Light;}{\f240\fnil LB Helvetica Black;}{\f2515\fnil MT Extra;}{\f14560\fnil AGaramond SemiboldItalic;}{\f14561\fnil AGaramond Semibold;}{\f14562\fnil AGaramond;}{\f14563\fnil AGaramond Italic;}{\f14921\fnil P Bodoni Poster;}
{\f14922\fnil BI Bodoni BoldItalic;}{\f14923\fnil B Bodoni Bold;}{\f14924\fnil I Bodoni Italic;}{\f14925\fnil Bodoni;}{\f14937\fnil B Century Old Style Bold;}{\f14938\fnil I Century Old Style Italic;}{\f14939\fnil Century Old Style;}}
{\colortbl\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}{\stylesheet{\f21 \sbasedon222\snext0 Normal;}}\widowctrl\ftnbj 
\sectd \sbknone\linemod0\linex0\cols1\endnhere \pard\plain \f21 {\f20\fs20 DIGITAL PRESS 1994 CATALOG\par 
\par 
CONTENTS OF THIS CATALOG:\par 
Alpha/VAX/VMS, p. 2-8\par 
Networking and Data Communications, p. 9-12\par 
Windowing, p. 13-14 \par 
Artificial Intelligence, p. 15 \bullet  \par 
Policy and Strategy/Organizational Design, p. 16-17\par 
Software Development, p. 18-19\par 
Computer Technology, p. 20\par 
 Butterworth-Heinemann Computing Titles, p. 21-24\par 
Author/Title Index, p. 25 \bullet  Title/Author Index, p. 26 \bullet  Order Form, p. 27-28\par 
\par 
\par 
NEW AND RECENT TITLES FROM DIGITAL PRESS \par 
\par 
Goldenberg/Saravanan\par 
Davis\par 
Hobbs/England\par 
da Cruz/Gianone\par 
Redmond\par 
Martin/Leben\par 
Laverdure/Srite/\par 
Colonna-Romano\par 
Rost\par 
Sherlock\par 
\par 
OPENVMS AXP INTERNALS AND DATA STRUCTURES \par 
PAGES 2-3\par 
\par 
VAXCLUSTER PRINCIPLES  \par 
PAGE 4\par 
\par 
DIGITAL'S CDD/REPOSITORY\par 
PAGE 4\par 
\par 
USING C-KERMIT \par 
PAGE 9\par 
\par 
WORKING WITH TEAMLINKS\par 
PAGE 9\par 
\par 
NAS\par 
PAGE 9\par 
\par 
NAS ARCHITECTURE REFERENCE MANUAL\par 
PAGE 10\par 
\par 
X AND MOTIF QUICK REFERENCE GUIDE \par 
2/E, PAGE 13\par 
\par 
USING DECWINDOWS MOTIF FOR OPENVMS\par 
PAGE 13\par 
\par 
}\pard {\f20\fs20 \par 
A detailed treatment of the key architectural features of Alpha AXP systems.OpenVMS AXP Internals \par 
and Data Structures\par 
\par 
Ruth E. Goldenberg and \par 
Saro Saravanan, \par 
both of Digital Equipment Corporation\par 
\par 
This outstanding new book describes the internals and data structures of the OpenVMS AXP operating system Version 1.5 in vivid detail. Perhaps the most comprehensive and up-to
-date description available for a commercial operating system, it is an irreplaceable reference for operating system development engineers, operating system troubleshooting experts, systems programmers, consultants and customer support specialists.\par 
\par 
Some of the text and much of the book\rquote 
s structure are derived from its highly successful predecessor, VAX/VMS Internals and Data Structures: Version 5.2. The new work is divided into nine parts: Introduction; Control Mechanisms; Synchronization; Scheduling and T
ime Support; Memory Management; Input/Output; Life of a Process; Life of the System; and Miscellaneous Topics. Each of the 39 chapters is akin to a case study on the topic it covers, based on the depth and breadth of treatment. Although the descriptions ar
e of the OpenVMS operating system for the Alpha AXP family of processors, the concepts are equally applicable to the internals of any modern-day multiprocessing operating system running on a RISC computer.\par 
\par 
SAVE 20%\par 
Place your order before June 1, 1994 \par 
and qualify for the special \par 
pre-publication price of $120.00. \par 
Price after June 1, 1994 is $150.00.\par 
\par 
Contents\par 
\par 
Preface\par 
Part I. INTRODUCTION\par 
1.\tab System Overview\par 
2.\tab I/O Architecture\par 
Part II. CONTROL MECHANISMS\par 
3.\tab Interrupts and Exceptions\par 
4.\tab Hardware Interrupts and Machine Checks\par 
5.\tab Software Interrupts\par 
6.\tab Condition Handling\par 
7.\tab System Service Dispatching\par 
8.\tab ASTs\par 
Part III. SYNCHRONIZATION\par 
9.\tab Synchronization Techniques\par 
10.\tab Event Flags\par 
11.\tab Lock Management\par 
Part IV. SCHEDULING AND TIME SUPPORT\par 
12.\tab Time Support\par 
13.\tab Scheduling\par 
14.\tab \tab Process Control and Communication\par 
Part V. MEMORY MANAGEMENT\par 
15.\tab Memory Management Overview\par 
16.\tab Memory Management Data Structure\par 
17.\tab Memory Management System Services\par 
18.\tab Paging Dynamics\par 
19.\tab Working Set List Dynamics\par 
20.\tab The Swapper\par 
21.\tab Pool Management\par 
Part VI. INPUT/OUTPUT\par 
22.\tab Overview of the I/O Subsystem\par 
23.\tab I/O System Services\par 
24.\tab I/O Processing\par 
25.\tab Mailboxes\par 
26.\tab Miscellaneous I/O Topics\par 
Part VII. LIFE OF A PROCESS\par 
27.\tab Process Creation\par 
28.\tab Image Activation and Exit\par 
29.\tab Translated Image Environment\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
30.\tab Process Dynamics\par 
31.\tab Process Deletion\par 
Part VIII. LIFE OF THE SYSTEM\par 
32.\tab The Modular Executive\par 
33.\tab Bootstrap Processing\par 
34.\tab Operating System Initialization\par 
35.\tab Error Handling\par 
36.\tab Error Halt Processing\par 
37.\tab Symmetric Multiprocessing\par 
Part IX. MISCELLANEOUS TOPICS\par 
38.\tab Logical Names\par 
39.\tab Miscellaneous System Services\par 
APPENDIXES\par 
\tab System Processes and Privileged Images\par 
\tab Use of Listings and Map Files\par 
\tab SYSGEN Parameters\par 
\tab Naming Conventions\par 
\tab Data Structure Definitions\par 
\tab Size of System and P1 Virtual Address Spaces\par 
\tab Summary of AXP Systems\par 
\tab Lock and Resource Use by OpenVMS Components\par 
LIST OF ACRONYMS\par 
\par 
June, 1994  hardbound  1,800 pages \par 
55558-120-X    $120.00*\par 
*Price after June 1, 1994 is $150.00\par 
\par 
\par 
An in-depth overview of VAXcluster technology \emdash  from an "applied theory" perspective.\par 
\par 
VAXCLUSTER PRINCIPLES\par 
Roy G. Davis, \par 
Digital Equipment Corporation\par 
\par 
This in-depth exploration of the major components of the VMS operating system is ideal for computer professionals who need a thorough understanding of VAXcluste
r components and functionality to support, manage, and develop applications in a VAXcluster environment.  It:\par 
\bullet \tab Discusses the Systems Communications architecture that defines how components of a VAXcluster configuration exchange information with each other.\par 
\bullet \tab Covers interconnects, ports, and port drivers used to implement this communications architecture.\par 
\bullet \tab Deals with Digital Storage Architecture, and with controllers, storage devices, class drivers, servers, and protocols that implement this storage architecture.\par 
\bullet \tab Explains storage options commonly used in a VAXcluster configuration.\par 
\bullet \tab Explains process and system level VAXcluster synchronization mechanisms.\par 
\bullet \tab Covers cluster wide process services, downline loading VMS systems, centralized system management, disaster tolerance, and monitoring VAXcluster activity.\par 
\par 
1993  paperbound  600 pages  55558-112-9  $49.95\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
A comprehensive introduction to the extensive capabilities offered by CDD/Repository-Version 5.0 \emdash  a data dictionary facility for the Open VMS Operating System.\par 
\par 
DIGITAL'S CDD/\par 
REPOSITORY\par 
A COMPREHENSIVE GUIDE\par 
Lilian Hobbs,\par 
Digital Equipment Corporation\par 
Ken England,\par 
Consultant\par 
\par 

There are few repositories in the marketplace today that offer the functionality and capabilities of CDD/Repository, and it is fast becoing the repository-of-choice in software development departments in many companies, software tool companies, and consult
ant firms.  This comprehensive guide focuses on Version 5.0 of CDD/Repository \emdash  an extremely sophisticated and powerful repo
sitory based on an object-oriented approach.  This is an active distributed repository system that provides the functionality necessary for users to organize, manage, control and integrate tools and applications across their companies.  The repository simp
lifies application development by providing information management and environment management features.\par 
CONTENTS\par 
Repository Overview \bullet  The Architecture of CDD/Repository \bullet  Repository Administration \bullet  Creating the Environment \bullet  The Management of CDD/Repository Elements \bullet  Change Management \bullet  Tools that Use CDD/Repository 
\bullet  Customizing the Environment \bullet  DMU-The Original Dictionary Management Tool \bullet  The Future of CDD/Repository \bullet  Element Types References \bullet  Property Types References \bullet  Repository \bullet  Index\par 
\par 
1993  paperbound  259 pages  55558-113-7  $34.95\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
The guide to the new \par 
Alpha system.\par 
\par 
ALPHA ARCHITECTURE REFERENCE MANUAL\par 
Edited by Richard L. Sites,\par 
Digital Equipment Corporation\par 
\par 
This is the authoritative reference on the new 64-bit RISC Alpha architecture o
f Digital Equipment Corporation.  Written by the designers of the internal Digital specifications, this book contains complete descriptions of the common architecture required for all implementations and the interfaces required to support the OSF/1 and Ope
nVMS operating systems.\par 
CONTENTS:  Common Architecture \bullet  Basic Architecture \bullet  Instruction Formats \bullet  Instruction Descriptions \bullet  System Architecture and Programming Implications \bullet  Common PALcode Architecture \bullet  Console Subsystem Overview 
\bullet  Input/Output \bullet  Architected System Interface \bullet  OpenVMS Alpha Software: Introduction to OpenVMS on Alpha \bullet  OpenVMS PALcode Descriptions \bullet  Memory Management \bullet  Process Structure \bullet 
 Internal Processor Registers \bullet  Exceptions, Interrupts, and Machine Checks \bullet  DEC OSF/1 Alpha Software: Introduction \bullet  PALcode Instruction Descriptions \bullet  Memory Management \bullet  Process Structure \bullet 
 Exceptions and Interrupts \bullet  Appendix A: Software Considerations \bullet  Appendix B: IEEE Floating-Point Conformance \bullet  Appendix C: Instruction Encodings\par 
1992  paperbound  600 pages  55558-098-X  $34.95\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
A guide to the latest version of ALL-IN-1 \emdash  for new and experienced users.\par 
\par 
ALL-IN-1\par 
MANAGING AND PROGRAMMING IN V3.0\par 
Tony Redmond,\par 
Digital Equipment Corporation\par 
\par 
ALL-IN-1: MANAGING AND PROGRAMMING IN V3.0 assists both new and experienced ALL-IN-1 system managers and programmers to make the best of ALL-IN-1 V3.0 \emdash  the biggest single release of ALL-IN-1 since V2.0 (1985):\par 
\bullet \tab How best to use the new features, functionality, and opportunities that Version 3.0 provides\par 
\bullet \tab How to upgrade smoothly to V3.0 \emdash  with minimum effort\par 
\bullet \tab A look at the exciting possibilities that the latest batch of desktop clients represent, and opinions on their deployment alongside IOS\par 
CONTENTS\par 
Introducing ALL-IN-1 IOS V3.0 \bullet  System Management \emdash  The Installation \bullet  Continuing with Management \bullet  The New File Cabinet \bullet  Electronic Mail, Workflow, and Other Applications \bullet  Improving ALL-IN-1's Diction \bullet 
 Playing around with Forms \bullet  The Servers \bullet  Customization Management \bullet  Extending Customization Management \bullet  Code Level Integration \bullet  Moving Ahead with ALL-IN-1 \bullet  Bibliography \bullet  Sample Procedures \bullet 
 Glossary\par 
\par 
1993  paperbound  552 pages  55558-101-3  $52.95\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
A complete guide to ALL-IN-1 installation and customization that goes beyond available product documentation.\par 
\par 
ALL-IN-1\par 
A TECHNICAL ODYSSEY\par 
Tony Redmond, \par 
Digital Equipment Corporation\par 
\par 
Based on the author's extensive experience developing ALL-IN-1 subsystems and customizing their applications to specific customer sites, this handbook offers a far deeper treatment
 than the product documentation itself.  Addressed to the needs of system managers, application programmers, and anyone who might work with ALL-IN-1 on a technical level, the guide features real-world practical examples, figures, and tables to illustrate t
he many possibilities available to meet the customized requirements of individual installations and users.\par 
\par 
1992  paperbound  551 pages  55558-086-6  $44.95\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
An invaluable guide for programmers and system managers to the best ways to move swiftly through the ALL-IN-1 code jungle.\par 
\par 
ALL-IN-1\par 
INTEGRATING APPLICATIONS IN V3.0\par 
John Rhoton,\par 
Digital Equipment Corporation\par 
\par 
ALL-IN-1: INTEGRATING APPLICATIONS IN V3.0 helps programmers experienced in third generation languages to use code-level integration to:\par 
\bullet \tab Integrate non-Digital products and applications \emdash 
 which may be difficult to integrate using documented ALL-IN-1 features, integrated only by incurring significant perfor-mance overhead, or integratable without preservation of the ALL-IN-1 familiar look and feel\par 
\bullet \tab Build applications that surpass performance limitations\par 
\bullet \tab Access external data stored in any format\par 
It gives system managers an overview of code-level integration, and diagnostic help for product installations \emdash  including coverage on relinking the ALL-IN-1 image.\par 
CONTENTS\par 
Introduction to Integration \bullet  An Architectural View \bullet  Programming on VMS \bullet  Message Symbols and Messages \bullet  Installed Functions \bullet  Building the Image \bullet  Site-defined Functions \bullet  Special Symbols \bullet 
 The Data Set Access Facility \bullet  Record Data Sets \bullet  Text Data Sets \bullet  Adding an Editor \bullet  Miscellaneous Topics \bullet  ALL-IN-1 V3.0 Changes \bullet  VAX MACRO File for DSAB Definitions \bullet  Global Routines Global Variables 
\bullet  DSAB Field Abbreviations for VAX C \bullet  CMS Product Descriptions \bullet  Glossary \bullet  Index\par 
\par 
1993  paperbound  265 pages  55558-102-1  $52.95\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
A must for anyone performing database procurement for evaluation/functions.\par 
\par 
RDB/VMS\par 
A COMPREHENSIVE GUIDE\par 
Lilian Hobbs,\par 
Digital Equipment Corporation\par 
Ken England,\par 
Consultant\par 
\par 
Rdb/VMS is a relational database syste
m that was developed by Digital for the VAX family using the VMS operating system.  It is one of a number of information management products that work together in an environment, enabling users to easily share information throughout an organization.  Based
 on Version 4.0 of the Rdb/VMS system, this comprehensive introduction covers components, data definition and manipulation, storage structures, table access, transaction management, security, database integrity and restructuring, tuning and optimization, d
istribution, interoperability, the data dictionary, transaction processing, tools, application programming, and more.\par 
1991  paperbound  352 pages  55558-073-4  $34.95\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
The initial reference material on operating system support for Alpha.\par 
\par 
vms for alpha platforms\par 
INTERNALS AND DATA STRUCTURES PRELIMINARY EDITION, VOLUMES 1, 2, AND 3\par 
Ruth E. Goldenberg and Saro Saravanan, both of Digital Equipment Corporation\par 
\par 
These cutting-edge volumes are the first publications to explain OpenVMS operating system support 
for Digital's new 64-bit Alpha AXP architecture.  Written for computer professionals who need detailed knowledge of Alpha platforms as early as it can be made available, they contain the most authoritative and timely information on the OpenVMS AXP operatin
g system currently available.\par 
These PRELIMINARY EDITION volumes were written concurrently with the development of the operating system and are up-to-date as of the time of publication.\par 
\par 
Topics covered include:\par 
\par 
Volume 1: I/O Architecture \bullet  Interrupts and Exceptions \bullet  Hardware Interrupts and Machine Checks \bullet  Software Interrupts \bullet  System Service Dispatching ASTs \bullet  Synchronization Techniques \bullet  Overview of the I/O Subsystem 
\bullet  I/O System Services \bullet  I/O Processing \bullet  The Modular Executive \bullet  Bootstrap Processing \bullet  Naming Conventions\par 
\par 
Volume 2: Condition Handling \bullet  Time Support \bullet  Memory Management Overview \bullet  Memory Management Data Structure \bullet  Memory Management System Services \bullet  Process Creation \bullet  Process Deletion \bullet 
 Operating System Initialization and Shutdown \bullet  Error Handling \bullet  List of Acronyms\par 
\par 
Volume 3: Event Flags \bullet  Scheduling \bullet  Process Control and Communication \bullet  Paging Dynamics \bullet  Working Set List Dynamics \bullet  Pool Management \bullet  Miscellaneous System Services \bullet  Mailboxes\par 
\par 
Volume 1: 1992  paperbound  412 pages  55558-095-5  $30.00\par 
Volume 2: 1992  paperbound  306 pages  55558-105-6  $30.00\par 
Volume 3: 1993  paperbound  270 pages  55558-109-9  $30.00\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
Invaluable for any professional working with Digital equipment.\par 
\par 
THE DIGITAL DICTIONARY\par 
A GUIDE TO DIGITAL EQUIPMENT CORPORATION'S TECHNICAL TERMINOLOGY, SECOND EDITION\par 
\par 
Compiled by a committee from Digital \emdash  engineers, writers, and specialists \emdash 
 the latest edition of this indispensable guide includes nearly 4,500 new entries, twice as many pages as the first edition, and two new appendixes with guidelines to help you write readable technical text. It\rquote 
s an all-in-one glossary of technical terms, abbreviations, expansions, and acronyms for Digital products and functions \emdash  and for computing generally.\par 
1986  paperbound  659 pages  93237682-7  $29.95\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
The only book on UNIX for experienced VMS users making the transition between the two systems.\par 
\par 
UNIX FOR VMS USERS\par 
Philip E. Bourne,\par 
Columbia University\par 
\par 

This unique book is for any computer professional making the transition from VMS to UNIX.  Each concept is illustrated with one or more examples comparing the way a task is performed in VMS and in UNIX.  You move in a logical sequence, progressing from fun
damental concepts to advanced programming and networking.  Based on the Berkel
ey 4.2 version of UNIX, the text includes more than 150 interactive examples as well as appendixes providing command summaries and useful cross-reference tables, as well as a glossary.\par 
1990  paperbound  368 pages  55558-034-3  $29.95\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
Takes up where VAX/VMS documentation leaves off.\par 
\par 
VAX/VMS\par 
WRITING REAL PROGRAMS IN DCL\par 
Paul C. Anagnostopoulos,\par 
Independent VAX/VMS Consultant\par 
\par 
Find out how to use the Digital Command Language (DCL) to write programs \emdash  through the logical, hands-on method presented in this book.  DCL is the standard command language for VMS \emdash 
 and is a well-structured, general-purpose programming tool when used to best advantage.  Assuming a background knowledge of VMS, the book begins by describing the common features of DCL, then presents it as a programming language, including:\par 
\bullet \tab How to use DCL to write large applications\par 
\bullet \tab What the pitfalls of the language are, and how to avoid them\par 
\bullet \tab How to rapidly develop DCL procedures and modify them as requirements change\par 
\bullet \tab How to use paradigms to build more sophisticated programs\par 
1989  paperbound  409 pages  55558-023-8  $29.95\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
The popular guide to VMS utilities and applications.\par 
\par 
A BEGINNER'S GUIDE TO VAX/VMS UTILITIES AND APPLICATIONS,\par 
SECOND EDITION\par 
Ronald M. Sawey, Southwest Texas State University\par 
Troy T. Stokes, Consultant\par 
\par 
No matter what components you\rquote re using, the new edition of this popular resource will help you learn to perform simple and useful tasks on the VAX/VMS system \emdash  with confidence!  The book offers a hands-on introduction to the 
EDT and EVE screen editor programs, the DECspell spelling checker, WPS-PLUS, phone and mail utilities, VAX Notes, the DATATRIEVE database management program, the DECalc electronic spreadsheet, the BITNET network, and more.   Included are a wealth of lively
 examples, exercises, and illustrations \emdash  plus \ldblquote quick reference\rdblquote 
 charts summarizing commands and operations at the end of each chapter.  Nine useful appendixes include additional detailed material.  This practical, easy-to-use guide is indispensable for anyone who wants to become a self-sufficient VAX user \emdash 
 whether your needs are administrative, instructional, or academic.\par 
CONTENTS:  Introduction \bullet  Fundamental VMS Operating System Commands \bullet  The EVE Screen Editor Program \bullet  The DECspell Spelling Checker Program \bullet  The WPS-PLUS Word Processor Program \bullet 
 Micro Communication with VAX/VMS Systems \bullet  Electronic Communications Programs on VAX/VMS Systems \bullet  The DATATRIEVE Database Management Program \bullet  The DECalc Spreadsheet Program \bullet  Some Notes on VAX BASIC \bullet  Appendixes\par 
1992  paperbound  399 pages  55558-066-1  $27.95\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
For new users \emdash  the comprehensive guide to VMS.\par 
\par 
THE VMS USER'S GUIDE\par 
James F. Peters, III, Kansas State University\par 
Patrick J. Holmay, Analysts International Corporation\par 
\par 
For new and nontechnical users of VMS, here is a comprehensive and up-to-date guide.  It introduces you to the operating system and the built-in functions of VMS, Version 5 \emdash 
 complete with hands-on, self-teaching experiments and step-by-step instructions to improve mastery.  For more proficient users, the book serves as a quick look-up reference.  Featuring:\par 
\bullet \tab All about the system \emdash  from logging in to creating command procedures, with thorough \par 
discussions of files and directories\par 
\bullet \tab Both EDT and EVE editors, covered in detail\par 
\bullet \tab How to customize your working environment\par 
1990  paperbound  304 pages  55558-014-9  $29.95\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
A fresh presentation of VAX/VMS operating system concepts.\par 
\par 
VAX/VMS OPERATING SYSTEM CONCEPTS\par 
David Donald Miller, \par 
Bemidji State University\par 
\par 
Discover a practical new app
roach to understanding VAX/VMS operating system concepts.  Combining discussions of operating system theory with examples of its application in key VAX/VMS operating system facilities, this book provides a thoughtful introduction for application programmer
s, system managers, and students.  In addition, you\rquote 
ll learn how VAX/VMS system services can tap the power of the operating system to perform critical tasks on behalf of applications.  Each chapter begins with a discussion of the theoretical aspects of a key operating system concept \emdash 
 including generally recognized solutions and algorithms \emdash  followed by an explanation of how the concept is implemented, plus an example that shows the uses and implications of the approach.\par 
CONTENTS:  An Introduction to Operating Systems \bullet  The Process \bullet  Scheduling and Context Switching \bullet  Paging and Memory Management \bullet  Process Synchronization \bullet  Process Data Sharing and Critical Regions \bullet 
 Security, Protection, and Privacy \bullet  Input/Output and Interrupts \bullet  Disks and Disk Files \bullet  History of Digital Operating Systems \bullet  Appendixes\par 
1992  hardbound  550 pages  55558-065-3  $44.95\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
How to write high-quality professional applications on VAX/VMS.\par 
\par 
WRITING VAX/VMS APPLICATIONS USING PASCAL\par 
Theo de Klerk, \par 
Digital Equipment Corporation\par 
\par 

This exciting book is the first to actually explain how to write high-quality professional applications on VAX/VMS.  With numerous programming examples to illuminate the text, it offers a clear, detailed methodology highlighting those aspects of VMS that e
very well-written application must address.  You\rquote ll find:\par 
\bullet \tab Full working program examples throughout, drawn from  real-life development situations\par 
\bullet \tab Thorough discussion of the VAX calling standard\par 
\bullet \tab Detailed discussion of how to use the many VMS system services and Run Time library routines\par 
\bullet \tab A practical approach based on actual experience and written specially from the programmer\rquote s point of view\par 
1991  paperbound  748 pages  55558-067-X  $39.95\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
Takes a unique systems approach.\par 
\par 
COMPUTER PROGRAMMING AND ARCHITECTURE\par 
THE VAX, SECOND EDITION\par 
Henry M. Levy, University of Washington\par 
Richard H. Eckhouse, Jr., University of Massachusetts\par 
\par 
Master the relationships between today\rquote 
s advanced operating systems and applications and the hardware that supports them.  Taking a unique systems approach, this completely revised and updated second edition of a classic shows you how.   Using the VAX as a
 detailed example, the first half of the book offers a complete course in assembly language programming.  The second describes hi
gher-level systems issues in computer architecture.  Highlights include the VAX assembler and debugger, other modern architectures such as RISCs, multiprocessing and parallel computing, microprogramming, caches and translation buffers, and an appendix on t
he Berkeley UNIX assembler.\par 
1989  clothbound  444 pages  55558-015-7  $39.95\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
Updated edition of the authoritative resource.\par 
\par 
VAX ARCHITECTURE REFERENCE MANUAL\par 
SECOND EDITION\par 
Edited by Richard A. Brunner, \par 
Digital Equipment Corporation\par 
\par 
\ldblquote The second edition of the definitive guide to the design of Digital\rquote s most popular computer family, the VAX ARCHITECTURE REFERENCE MANUAL,  further enhances its status as the bible of the machine\rquote 
s structure.... It contains the most comprehensive description of the VAX architecture to be found anywhere.... [Readers] will find this organized, well-indexed manual indispensable.\rdblquote  \par 
\emdash  DEC Professional\par 
Every knowledgeable VAX programmer and architect will want to acquire this resource that Digital\rquote s own engineers depend on.  Fro
m the Micro-VAX II to the VAX 9000, it spans the complete range of hardware and software issues and includes important new material covering the VAX shared-memory model and new vector processing extensions.\par 
1991  paperbound  560 pages  55558-057-2  $49.95\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
Most authoritative, complete description of the VAX/VMS operating system.\par 
\par 
VAX/VMS INTERNALS AND DATA STRUCTURES\par 
VERSION 5.2\par 
Ruth E. Goldenberg and Lawrence J. Kenah, both of Digital Equipment Corporation\par 
\par 
Experts who have been directly involved in engi
neering, teaching, troubleshooting, and supporting the VMS operating system since its creation bring you this totally revised edition of this landmark reference.  Comprehensive and convenient, the book focuses on the kernel of the VAX/VMS Version 5.2 opera
ting system: process management; memory management; the I/O subsystem; the mechanisms that transfer control to, from, and among these; and the system services that support and complement them.  Written for professionals using VMS who wish to understand the
 components, mechanisms, and data structures, the book reflects every change to the VAX/VMS operating system through Version 5.2.  An all-new detailed technical index and hundreds of data structure diagrams make the contents more accessible and easy to use
.\par 
BRIEF CONTENTS: Introduction \bullet  Control Mechanisms \bullet  Synchronization \bullet  Scheduling and Time Support \bullet  Memory Management \bullet  Input/Output \bullet  Life of a Process \bullet  Life of the System \bullet  Miscellaneous Topics 
\bullet  Appendixes\par 
1991  clothbound  1427 pages  55558-059-9  $124.95\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
Add this to your VAX/VMS library.\par 
\par 
VMS FILE SYSTEM INTERNALS\par 
Kirby McCoy,\par 
Digital Equipment Corporation\par 
\par 
For software specialists, system programmers, applications designers, and other computer professionals, here is a welcome in-depth study of the VMS file system, Version 5.2.  You\rquote 
ll find it helpful in understanding the data structures, algorithms, interfaces to, and basic synchronization mechanisms of the VMS file system \emdash  that part of the operating system responsible for storing and managing f
iles and information in memory and in secondary storage.  The book is also fascinating as a case study of the VMS implementation of a file system.\par 
Topics include the Files-11 On-Disk Structure, volume structure processing (including the handling of both on-disk and in-memory data structures), system-wide caching algorithms, clusterwide coordination techniques, and the I/O subsystem \emdash 
 including the extended $QIO processor (the Files-11 XQP).\par 
1990  paperbound  460 pages  55558-056-4  $49.95\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
A complete description of Digital's Network Applications Support (NAS) architecture.\par 
\par 
NAS ARCHITECTURE REFERENCE MANUAL\par 
Leo F. Laverdure, Patricia Srite, and John Colonna-Romano, all of Digital Equipment Corporation\par 
\par 
Designed for anyone interested in learning about the NAS architecture \emdash  including application developers, technical consultants, Independent Software Vendors (ISVs), Value-Added Resellers (VARs), and Digital's Integrated Business Units (IBUs) 
\emdash  NAS ARCHITECTURE REFERENCE MANUAL provides information on the NAS services and the key public interfaces supported by each service.\par 
\bullet \tab Part I introduces NAS and provides overview information on the NAS services\par 
\bullet \tab Part II provides detailed information on the NAS services, the key interfaces for those services, and information on how the services support the NAS pervasive attributes\par 
CONTENTS\par 
I. INTRODUCTION TO THE NAS ARCHITECTURE \bullet  Introduction to NAS \bullet  Pervasive Attributes \bullet  NAS Interface Subsets \bullet  II. NAS SERVICES \bullet  Interacting with the User \bullet  Communication with Other Applications \bullet 
 Controlling Application Execution \bullet  Accessing Data \bullet  Performing Complex Computations \bullet  Managing Networks, Systems, and Applications \bullet  NAS System Interface (SI) \bullet  Application Frameworks \bullet 
 APPENDIXES: NAS Multiplatform Vendor Support \bullet  NAS and the Windows Open Services Architecture (WOSA) \bullet  Glossary \bullet  Index\par 
\par 
1993  paperbound  564 pages  55558-115-3  $34.95\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
A practical guide for integrating your PCs Microsoft\'a8 WINDOWS\'aa graphical environment into enterprise-wide networks.\par 
\par 
WORKING WITH TEAMLINKS\par 
Tony Redmond, \par 
Digital Equipment Corporation\par 
\par 

WORKING WITH TEAMLINKS is a practical guide to Digital's office system for the Microsoft Windows graphical user environment.  Its thorough coverage will help experienced and inexperienced users, programmers, and system implementers realize the benefits whi
le avoiding the pitfalls of using PCs in an integrated multivendor office system.\par 
The book shows how the TeamLinks File Cabinet works, how TeamLinks mail flows, how to streamline business processes with the Te
amRoute document-routing system, and how to integrate applications in a TeamLinks environment.  It discusses the problems of implementing a PC-based office system and of managing the process of migration from ALL-IN-1 IOS, Digital's minicomputer-based offi
ce system.  An appendix documents TeamLinks internal codes and presents other interesting information.\par 
A companion diskette contains many sample programs that can be used as a base for your own solutions.\par 
CONTENTS\par 
TeamLinks: An Overview \bullet  Getting Started with TeamLinks \bullet  The TeamLinks file Cabinet \bullet  TeamLinks Mail \bullet  TeamRoute \bullet  Converters, Viewers, and File Formats \bullet  Electronic Conferencing \bullet  Customizing TeamLinks 
\bullet  Planning the Implementation \bullet  Migrating from ALL-IN-1 \bullet  Appendix \bullet  Glossary \bullet  Bibliography \bullet  Trademarks \bullet  Index\par 
\par 
1993  paperbound  446 pages (includes diskette)  \par 
55558-116-1  $44.95\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
An introduction to the architecture AND the software and middleware of NAS.\par 
\par 
NAS\par 
DIGITAL'S APPROACH TO OPEN SYSTEMS\par 
James Martin, \par 
James Martin Associates \par 
Joe Leben, Leben, Inc.\par 
\par 

NAS (Network Applications Support) is both a comprehensive architecture and set of software products designed to provide a framework that makes it possible for applications developers to enhance those characteristics of computing applications that promote 
interoperability, application distributability, and application portability among applications that run on Digital's computing platforms as well as those from other vendors, such as IBM, Hewlett-Packard, SunMicrosystems, Apple Computer, and others.\par 
For managers, executives, and information systems staff, NAS describes both types of NAS products \emdash 
 1) those that comprise a set of development toolkits that provide services directly to computing applications; both Digital applications and user-written ap
plications.  This important new class of software, called middleware, operates as an intermediary between application programs and the underlying hardware/software platform, and 2) those that build on the NAS middleware to provide services direc
tly to the end users of computing services.\par 
CONTENTS:  Prologue. The NAS Version \bullet  I. NAS and Open Systems \bullet  II. NAS Pervasive Attributes \bullet  III. NAS Services \bullet  IV. Related Software Technologies \bullet  Cohesion and Case Tools \bullet  Appendixes\par 
\par 
1993  paperbound  412 pages  55558-117-X  $34.95\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
An introduction and tutorial \emdash  \par 
as well as a comprehensive reference \emdash  \par 
on ALL of C-Kermit's capabilities.\par 
\par 
USING C-KERMIT\par 
Communication Software for OS/2 Atari ST, UNIX, OS-9, VMS, AOS/VS, Amiga\par 
Frank da Cruz and \par 
Christine M. Gianone, \par 
both of Columbia University\par 
\par 
USING C-KERMIT describes the new release, 5A, of Columbia University's popular C-Kermit communication software \emdash 
 the most portable of all communication software packages.  Available at low cost on a variety of magnetic media from Columbia University, C-Kermit can be used on computers of all sizes \emdash 
 ranging from desktop workstations to minicomputers to mainframes and supercomputers.  The numerous examples, illustrations, and tables in USING C-KERMIT make the powerful and versatile C-Kermit functions accessible for new and experienced users alike:
\par 
\bullet \tab Serial communication, direct or dialed\par 
\bullet \tab TCP/IP and other network communication\par 
\bullet \tab Automatic dialing, supporting many types of modems\par 
\bullet \tab A wide variety of communication options\par 
\bullet \tab Terminal connection\par 
\bullet \tab Efficient, error-free Kermit file transfer\par 
\bullet \tab International character set conversion\par 
\bullet \tab A simple, consistent, and intuitive command language with built-in help\par 
\bullet \tab Command and initialization files\par 
\bullet \tab Command macros and a powerful, easy-to-use script programming language\par 
\par 
1993  paperbound  514 pages  55558-108-0  $34.95\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
For new and seasoned BITNET users alike.\par 
\par 
BITNET FOR VMS USERS\par 
Michael A. Moore, \par 
Logical Designs, Inc. and Ronald M. Sawey, \par 
Southwest Texas State University\par 
\par 

The first book to cover BITNET exclusively, this volume addresses the needs of those who have never used a national computer network, as well as those who are familiar with accessing BITNET from the VMS operating system.  Comprehensive in coverage, it deta
ils the many aspects of using BITNET \emdash 
 from electronic mail to searching remote databased to carrying on RELAY conversations with other users around the world.  Appendixes provide specific programs and listings of the more popular mailing lists, digests, and electronic magazines.\par 
\par 
1992  paperbound  161 pages  55558-094-7  $25.95\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
A book/disk package for gathering and sending electronic information around the world \emdash  with your PC and MS-DOS Kermit.\par 
\par 
USING MS-DOS KERMIT\par 
CONNECTING YOUR PC TO THE ELECTRONIC WORLD, SECOND EDITION\par 
Christine M. Gianone, Columbia University\par 
\par 
USING MS-DOS KERMIT is a book/disk package designed to help both technical and non-technical PC users alike to link their IBM PCs, PS/2s, or compatibles to other computers and data services \emdash 
 e.g., Dow Jones News/Retrieval, MCI Mail, databases like BBS, DIALOG or TYMNET, and any mainframe \emdash 
 throughout the world.  Based on the author's close involvement with development and distribution of the Kermit transfer protocol, the guide supplies easy-to-follo
w, step-by-step instructions, meticulously compiled tables, and at-a-glance information on important areas.  The latest version of MS-DOS KERMIT is included with the book and provides:\par 
\bullet \tab communication support for serial ports, modems, and PC networks \emdash  Novell, AT&T, IBM, TCP/IP, DECnet, and many more\par 
\bullet \tab DEC VT320, VT220, VT100, and other terminal emulations, with screen rollback and capture, colors, printer control, and flexible key mappings, plus Tektronix graphics\par 
\bullet \tab reliable transfer of text and binary files\par 
\bullet \tab international character sets, including Cyrillic text file transfer\par 
\bullet \tab a powerful script language for automated operations\par 
\bullet \tab an easy-to-use dialing directory\par 
\par 
1992  paperbound  345 pages (includes diskette)  \par 
55558-082-3  $34.95\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
THE definitive tutorial/reference on the detailed specification of the Kermit file transfer protocol.\par 
\par 
KERMIT\par 
A FILE TRANSFER PROTOCOL\par 
Frank da Cruz, Columbia University\par 
\par 
This authoritative, all-in-one introduction, manual, and complete reference shows readers \emdash  at all levels of technical expertise \emdash 
 how to use Kermit to transfer diverse data between different computer systems and data communications environments.  Using tutorials, case studies, and examples of actual Kermit codes, it provides instructions for basic use and a 
detailed description of the Kermit protocols:\par 
\bullet \tab file management through protocols\par 
\bullet \tab command referencing and extended features\par 
\bullet \tab telecommunications protocols\par 
\par 
1987  paperbound  379 pages  932376-88-6  $29.95\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
The first book-length introduction to one of the fastest growing LAN standards on the market today.\par 
\par 
FDDI\par 
AN INTRODUCTION TO FIBER DISTRIBUTED DATA INTERFACE\par 
Wendy H. Michael, \par 
William J. Cronin, Jr., and \par 
Karl F. Pieper, all of Digital Equipment Corporation\par 
\par 

Based upon the primer that received a 1991 Award for Excellence from the Society of Technical Communications (STC), FDDI: AN INTRODUCTION TO FIBER DISBRIBUTED DATA INTERFACE is the first book devoted to this new high-speed, high-bandwidth standard.  A conc
ise and thorough technical introduction to the subject, it covers all aspects of the FDDI standard \emdash 
 from its protocol specifications to its implementation and management in real-world, large-enterprise, local area networks.  The book is written and designed for rapid comprehension by computer sys
tems managers, telecommunications managers, and communications professionals who make decisions regarding networks for their organizations.  The FDDI technology and applications are extensively illustrated, but without mention of Digital's FDDI products.  
An extensive glossary defines key networking, LAN and FDDI terms.\par 
CONTENTS:  FDDI: A New LAN Standard \bullet  FDDI: A LAN Built to the OSI Model \bullet  FDDI Technology: PMD STANDARD \bullet  FDDI Technology: PHY Standard \bullet  FDDI Technology: MAC and LLC Standards \bullet  FDDI Technology: SMT Standard \bullet 
 FDDI Technology: How it Works \bullet  The Network: Structured Cabling \bullet  The FDDI Network: Topology \bullet  FDDI Components: Concentrators \bullet  FDDI Components: SAS and DAS \bullet  FDDI: LAN Interconnection Devices \bullet 
 Network Management: A Global View \bullet  Integrating LANs: LAN Comparisons \bullet  Integrating LANs: Implementing FDDI \bullet  Glossary \bullet  Index\par 
\par 
1992  paperbound  209 pages  55558-093-9  $17.95\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
Your map through the network jungle.\par 
\par 
THE USER'S DIRECTORY OF COMPUTER NETWORKS\par 
Edited by Tracy L. LaQuey, Cisco Systems\par 
\par 
Here\rquote 
s how to track down virtually every network available to academics and researchers.  This new book, with its detailed compilation of host-level information, provides everything you need to locate resources, send mail to colleagues and friends w
orldwide, and answer questions about how to access major national and international networks.  Extensively cross-referenced information on ARPANET/MILNET, BITNET, CSNET, ESnet, NSFNET, SPAN, THEnet, USENET, and loads of others is all provided.  Included ar
e detailed lists of hosts, site contacts, administrative domains, and organizations.  Plus, a tutorial chapter with handy reference tables reveals electronic mail \ldblquote secrets\rdblquote  that make it easier to take advantage of networking.\par 
1990  paperbound  630 pages  55558-047-5  $35.95\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
From the authorities on information processing.\par 
\par 
DECNET \par 
PHASE V\par 
AN OSI IMPLEMENTATION\par 
James Martin,\par 
James Martin Associates\par 
Joe Leben,\par 
Leben Incorporated\par 
\par 
\ldblquote This book is the important landmark we\rquote ve all been waiting for: the comprehensive overview of Digital\rquote s Phase V architecture!\rdblquote  \par 
\emdash  \tab Marshall Rose, PSI, Inc., and author, THE OPEN BOOK: A PRACTICAL PERSPECTIVE ON OSI\par 
Broaden your understanding of how large networks are designed with this introduction to the concepts surrounding Digit
al Network Architecture.  This useful book blends an OSI tutorial with a complete look at how OSI technology is used in a Digital computer network.  You\rquote 
ll gain useful insights into OSI and the process of OSI standardization as well as implementation \emdash  all presented in a straightforward, easy-to-follow style.\par 
CONTENTS:  The Future of Networking \bullet  Part I: The Digital Network Architechture \bullet  Network Architectures \bullet  The OSI Reference Model \bullet  The Digital Network Architecture \bullet  Part II: DNA Functional Layers \bullet  T
he Physical Layer \bullet  The Data Link Layer \bullet  The Network Layer \bullet  Network Layer Protocols \bullet  Network Layer Routing \bullet  The Transport Layer \bullet  The DNA Phase V Session Control Layer \bullet  OSI Upper-Layer Architecture 
\bullet  Part III: Network Applications \bullet  DNA Applications \bullet  OSI Applications \bullet  Part IV: Related Architectures and Mechanisms \bullet  Distributed Computing Services \bullet  The Naming Service \bullet  Network Management \bullet 
 X.25 Access \bullet  Part V: Data Link Layer Protocols \bullet  HDLC, SDLC and LAPB Data Links \bullet  DDCMP Data Links \bullet  Local Area Network Data Links \bullet  CSMA/CD and Ethernet \bullet  Fiber Distributed Data Interface \bullet 
 Bridge and Extended LAN Architecture \bullet  Appendixes: ISO Standards for the OSI Model \bullet  DNA Phase V Architectural Specifications\par 
1992  Clothbound  572 pages  55558-076-9  $49.95\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
A look at how ten American colleges and universities bridged the gap between computing, administrative, and library organizations.\par 
\par 
CAMPUS STRATEGIES FOR LIBRARIES AND ELECTRONIC INFORMATION\par 
Edited by Caroline Arms \par 
\par 
Detailed case studies from ten American colleges and universities will prepare you to make better plans and decisions for an electronic library, integrated information management system, or unified information resource.  You\rquote 
ll find models and guidelines covering reference services,  latest philosophies and strategies, management and organization issues, delivery mechanisms, and more.\par 
1990  clothbound  404 pages  55558-036-X  $34.95\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
A hands-on encyclopedic directory of specific networks and conferencing systems that encompass millions of users across every continent.\par 
\par 
THE MATRIX\par 
COMPUTER NETWORKS AND CONFERENCING SYSTEMS WORLDWIDE\par 
John S. Quarterman, Texas Internet Consulting\par 
With Forewords by Tracy L. LaQuey, Vinton G. Cerf, and Frank da Cruz\par 
\par 
This complete, central source lets you tap into the worldwide information-sharing network of engineers, scientists, and researchers \emdash  no matter where you live or work.  It\rquote 
s a hands-on encyclopedic directory of specific networks and conferencing systems that encompass millions of users across every continent!\par 
Following a useful overview, you can look up \par 
specific systems, their interconnections and uses, history, funding, standards and services \emdash  all organized country-by-country for your convenience.  Clearly drawn maps and hundreds of references help you easily connect to the global matrix.\par 
1990  paperbound  719 pages  55558-033-5  $49.95\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
A hands-on account of the design, implementation, and performance of Project Athena.\par 
\par 
MIT PROJECT ATHENA\par 
A MODEL FOR DISTRIBUTED CAMPUS COMPUTING\par 
George A. Champine, Digital Equipment Corporation\par 
\par 

Project Athena at MIT has emerged as one of the most important models to date for next-generation distributed computing in an academic environment, and this book is the first to describe this landmark project.  Pioneered by MIT in partnership with Digital 
and IBM, Project Athena is distinguished by its magnitude and its reliance on workstations, each providing the same user interface regardless of architecture, and each sharing the same programs and data through a high-speed 
electronic network.  Based on thousands of pages of reports and the author\rquote s own experience, this important book lets you in on the design, implementation, and performance of Project Athena \emdash 
 now a production system of networked workstations that is replac
ing time-sharing (which MIT also pioneered) as the preferred model of computing at MIT.  The book is organized in four parts, covering management, pedagogy, technology, and administration.  Appendixes describe deployment of Project Athena systems at five o
ther schools, provide guidelines for installation, and recommend end-user policies.\par 
1991  clothbound  282 pages  55558-072-6  $28.95\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
NOW IN PAPERBACK!\par 
The definitive networking reference.\par 
\par 
TECHNICAL ASPECTS OF DATA COMMUNICATION\par 
THIRD EDITION\par 
John E. McNamara, Stratus Computer Incorporated \par 
\par 
Long considered the definitive work among networking references, this book covers the spectrum of data communications technology.  It presents the latest information on layered protocols, fast and error-correcting mo
dems, smart multiplexers, digital transmission (T1), packet-switching, and ISDN.  You\rquote 
ll also find an expanded discussion of local area networks, an introduction to the popular Kermit file transfer protocol, information on the EIA-530 specification, and updated material on communication LSI circuits.\par 
McNamara provides you with a practical approach to understanding communications systems, starting from a simple asynchronous interface called a UART and proceeding through more intricate problems of data communications system design.  You\rquote 
ll learn about communication lines and interface standards (EIA-232 to EIA-530), modems and modem control, error detection, communication protocols, digital transmission systems, integrated services, and local area networks.  If you\rquote 
re designing a system, purchasing hardware or software, or simply expanding your knowledge, this book is indispensable!\par 
\par 
1988  paperbound  383 pages  55558-111-0  $32.00\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
A nontechnical explanation of how local area networks work, what they do, and how you can benefit from them.\par 
\par 
LOCAL AREA NETWORKS\par 
AN INTRODUCTION TO THE TECHNOLOGY\par 
John E. McNamara, Stratus Computer Incorporated \par 
\par 
This concise book provides an objective introduction to local area networks \emdash 
 how they work, what they do, and how you can benefit from them.  It outlines the pro's and con's of the most common configurations so you can evaluate them in light of your own n
eeds.  You'll also learn about network software, with special emphasis on the ISO layered model of communications protocols.\par 
\par 
1985  paperbound  165 pages  932376-79-7  $29.00\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
A convenient one-volume source for the most pertinent information on Xlib, X Toolkit Intrinsics, and the OSF/Motif programming \tab \tab \tab \tab              libraries.\par 
\par 
X AND MOTIF QUICK REFERENCE GUIDE\par 
SECOND EDITION \par 
Randi J. Rost,  \par 
Kubota Pacific Computer, Inc.\par 
\par 
Arranged in five sections \emdash  X Protocol Reference, Xlib Reference, X Toolkit Reference, Motif Reference, and General X Reference \emdash  and organized alphabetically with thumb tabs for quick and easy reference \emdash 
 the X AND MOTIF QUICK REFERENCE GUIDE provides complete descriptions of routines and user-accessible data structures, including:\par 
\bullet \tab Xlib subroutines and macros\par 
\bullet \tab X Toolkit Intrinsics routines\par 
\bullet \tab Motif routines\par 
\bullet \tab and all of the Motif Widgets.\par 
The Second Edition has been updated to reflect new functionality in both X Window System Version 11, Release 5, and OSF/Motif Version 1.2, including:\par 
\bullet \tab Routines and Xlib to support color management system\par 
\bullet \tab New routines on Xlib to better provide support for internationalization and localization.\par 
CONTENTS\par 
Preface \bullet  Protocol Request Codes \bullet  Predefined Atoms \bullet  Event Names and Masks \bullet  Keysym Encoding \bullet  Xlib Display Information Macros \bullet  Xlib Image Format Information Macros \bullet  Xlib Screen Information Macros 
\bullet  Xlib Keysym Classification Macros \bullet  Xlib Color Management Macros \bullet  Xlib Extension Support Macros \bullet  Xlib Error Values and Descriptions \bullet  Xlib Routines \bullet  Xlib Data Types \bullet  X Toolkit Intrinsics Routines 
\bullet  X Toolkit Intrinsics Compatibility Routines \bullet  X Toolkit Intrinsics Data Types \bullet  X Toolkit Intrinsics Errors and Warnings \bullet  Motif Routines \bullet  Motif Data Types \bullet  Motif Widgets \bullet  Motif Widget Hierarchy 
\bullet  Common Color Names \bullet  Standard Cursor Symbols\par 
\par 
1993  paperbound  398 pages  55558-118-8  $24.95\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
For new and experienced VMS users alike.\par 
\par 
USING DECWINDOWS MOTIF FOR \par 
OPENVMS\par 
Margie Sherlock,\par 
Digital Equipment Corporation\par 
\par 
USING DECWINDOWS MOTIF FOR VMS is designed to help new VMS DECwindows users explore and apply DECwindows techniques and features, and to provide experience
d DECwindows users with practical information about the Motif interface, ways to customize environments, and advanced user topics.  VMS DECwindows Motif is based on MIT's specification for the X Window System, Version 11, Release 4 and OSF/Motif 1.1.1.
\par 
CONTENTS\par 
GETTING STARTED WITH DECWINDOWS \bullet  Introduction \bullet  Opening and Closing DECwindows \bullet  Interacting with DECwindows \bullet  Performing Common Tasks \bullet  Using Session Manager \bullet  Using File View \bullet 
 II. CUSTOMIZING YOUR DECWINDOWS ENVIRONMENT \bullet  Customizing Session Manager \bullet  Customizing Menus and Menu Bars \bullet  Customizing File View \bullet  Customizing the Window Manager \bullet  III. ADVANCED USER TECHNIQUES \bullet 
 Using Hyperapplications \bullet  Running Applications Across the Network \bullet  Changing the Startup Environment \bullet  Sharing Customization Files \bullet  Using Task Messages \bullet  APPENDIXES \bullet  Using DECwindows with a Keyboard \bullet 
 Understanding Files, Directories, and Devices \bullet  Troubleshooting Guidelines \bullet  System Messages \bullet  DECwindows X Windows System Resources \bullet  Index\par 
\par 
1993  paperbound  363 pages  55558-114-5  $34.95\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
A technical reference covering every aspect of the sample server developed by the MIT X Consortium.\par 
\par 
THE X WINDOW SYSTEM SERVER\par 
X VERSION 11, \par 
RELEASE 5 \par 
Elias Israel, \par 
Praxsys Technologies\par 
Erik Fortune, Silicon Graphics Computer Systems\par 
\par 
Using examples, guidelines, and tutorials, as well as material on theory and practice, this comprehensive reference provides essential information to knowledgeable X users who want to learn about the basic interactions between client and server \emdash 
 including developers who want to port, extend, tune, or test a server.\par 
\bullet 
  Part I, ARCHITECTURE, discusses the structure of the sample server, including the server's major data structures and their interactions, the flow of control within the server, how the server handles input devices and events, how the server maintains the
 window tree, and how it keeps graphics context up to date with drawables.\par 
\bullet   Part II, PORTING AND TUNING, explains in detail the process of porting the server to new display hardware or a new operating system, and discusses strategies for tuning an existing server.\par 
\bullet   Part III, WRITING EXTENSIONS, describes the server extension mechanism, its interface, and the design and implementation of new extensions.\par 
\par 
1993  paperbound  534 pages  55558-096-3  $45.95\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
Conforms to Release 5 \emdash \par 
four books in one!\par 
\par 
X WINDOW SYSTEM\par 
THE COMPLETE REFERENCE TO XLIB, \par 
X PROTOCOL, ICCCM, XLFD, X VERSION 11, \par 
RELEASE 5 THIRD EDITION\par 
Robert W. Scheifler, \par 
MIT X Consortium\par 
\par 
Written by the experts who originally designed a
nd created the X Window System, this Third Edition is a major revision of the definitive reference describing each standard specification from the MIT X Consortium.  It conforms to the latest release: X Version 11, Release 5.  With this latest edition
\par 
in hand, software developers and others can now take advantage\par 
of the significant new functionality in Release 5.  And, in addition to fully integrating the important new features of this latest release, the original text has been significantly revised for cla
rity and easier access.  Instructive diagrams, a detailed glossary, and a comprehensive subject-oriented index further enhance the book\rquote s overall value.\par 
\bullet \tab Part I, Xlib - C Language X Interface , describes the lowest level C language X programming interface to the X Window System.  Essential for all X programmers, even those using higher level toolkits such as X Toolkit Intrinsics.  \par 
\bullet \tab Part II, X Window System Protocol, details the precise specification of the X protocol semantics.\par 
\bullet \tab Part III, Inter-Client Communications Conventions Manual, discusses the conventions that govern X inter-client communication.\par 
\bullet \tab Part IV, X Logical Font Description, describes the conventions for font names and font properties in the X Window System.\par 
\par 
1992  paperbound  1,000 pages  55558-088-2  $49.95\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
A quick and thorough introduction to Motif programming.\par 
\par 
MOTIF PROGRAMMING\par 
THE ESSENTIALS ... \par 
AND MORE\par 
Marshall Brain,\par 
North Carolina State University\par 
\par 
Here is a straightforward, easy-to-understand introduction to Motif applicatio
n development, covering both basic and advanced features of graphical user interfaces as implemented under Motif.  Even though you may have little or no experience with X or other window programming environments, this useful guide will ease you into Motif 
programming smoothly and quickly.  Using simple examples and explanations, it shows you how to design and build graphical applications with Motif in a reasonable amount of time.  By the end of the book, you\rquote 
ll be familar with all of the Motif widgets as well as the process of application design in Motif, the basic capabilities of the X and Xt layers, and the X drawing model.\par 
CONTENTS:  Introduction \bullet  Analyzing a Motif Program \bullet  Resources \bullet  Callbacks \bullet  Manager Widgets \bullet  Menus \bullet  Dialogs \bullet  Tic-Tac-Toe Application \bullet  The mkill Application \bullet  The Text Widget \bullet 
 Other Motif Widgets \bullet  Resource Options \bullet  Customized Dialog Boxes \bullet  Motif Internals \bullet  The X Layer \bullet  Drawing \bullet  Conclusion \bullet  Appendixes\par 
\par 
1992  paperbound  601 pages  55558-089-0  $29.95\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
Indispensable for all programmers.\par 
\par 
X Window System Toolkit\par 
The Complete Programmer\rquote s Guide and Specification\par 
Paul J. Asente, Adobe Systems Incorporated\par 
Ralph R. Swick, Massachusetts Institute of Technology\par 
Written by the two leading designers of the X-Tool\par 
kit, this is the authorative guide to Version 11, Release 4 of the X Window System Toolkit.  It\rquote s \par 
organized in two useful parts \emdash  a programmer\rquote s guide and a specification.  You\rquote ll learn how to use \par 
the various features as well as how those features operate.\par 
\bullet \tab The Programmer\rquote s Guide, complete with over 100 pages of programming examples, illustrates how to use the X Toolkit to write applications and widgets.  Each chapter contains both an application writer\rquote 
s section and a widget writer\rquote s section.\par 
\bullet \tab The Specification  describes the capabilities more succinctly and precisely.  It offers sufficient detail for a programmer to create a new implementation.\par 
\par 
1990  paperbound  967 pages  55558-051-3  $44.95\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
The defacto standard \emdash \par 
a must-have for all Lisp programmers.\par 
\par 
COMMON LISP\par 
THE LANGUAGE,\par 
SECOND EDITION\par 
Guy L. Steele Jr.,\par 
Thinking Machines Corporation\par 
\par 
In this greatly expanded edition of the defacto standard, you\rquote ll learn about the nearly 200 changes already made since original publication \emdash 
 and find out about gray areas likely to be revised later.  Written by the Vice-Chairman of X3J13 (the ANSI committ
ee responsible for the standardization of Common Lisp) and co-developer of the language itself, the new edition contains the entire text of the first edition plus six completely new chapters.  They cover:\par 
\bullet \tab CLOS, the Common Lisp Object System, with new features to support function overloading and object-oriented programming, plus complete technical specifications\par 
\bullet \tab Loops, a powerful control structure for multiple variables\par 
\bullet \tab Conditions, a generalization of the error signaling mechanism\par 
\bullet \tab Series and generators\par 
\bullet \tab Plus other subjects not part of the ANSI standards but of interest to professional programmers.\par 
Throughout, you\rquote ll find fresh examples, additional clarifications, warnings, and tips \emdash  all presented with the author\rquote s customary vigor and wit.  \par 
\par 
1990  paperbound  1029 pages  55558-041-6  $39.95\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
A hands-on guide.\par 
\par 
PRACTICAL KNOWLEDGE ENGINEERING\par 
CREATING SUCCESSFUL COMMERCIAL EXPERT SYSTEMS\par 
Richard V. Kelly Jr.,\par 
Digital Equipment Corporation\par 
\par 
Find out what actually works (and what doesn\rquote t) in the development of commercial expert system applications \emdash  based on the author\rquote 
s decade of experience in building expert systems in all major areas of application for American, European, a
nd Japanese organizations.  Focusing on actual tested procedures, this how-to book offers practical methods for initiating, designing, building, managing, and demonstrating successful expert systems.  You\rquote 
ll discover engineering programming techniques, useful skills for demonstrating expert systems, practical costing and metrics, guidelines for using knowledge representation techniques, and solutions to common difficulties in design and implementation.
\par 
CONTENTS:  Introduction \bullet  Frequently Asked Questions \bullet  Prospecting \bullet  Beginning a Project \bullet  Paradigms and Purposes \bullet  Knowledge Acquisition \bullet  Knowledge Representation \bullet  Costing, Metrics, and Specification 
\bullet  Knowledge Engineering Techniques \bullet  Common Problems \bullet  Demonstrating an Expert System \bullet  Appendixes\par 
\par 
1991  paperbound  212 pages  55558-070-X  $28.95\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
For the experienced professional.\par 
\par 
UNDERSTANDING CLOS\par 
THE COMMON LISP \par 
OBJECT SYSTEM\par 
Jo A. Lawless, \par 
Lucid, Inc.\par 
Molly M. Miller,\par 
Ascend Communications, Inc.\par 
\par 
For the professional Lisp programmer, this important book is an introduction to programming in the Common Lisp Object System.   This object-oriented system \emdash  an extension of Common Lisp \emdash 
 incorporates the concepts of classes, generic functions, methods, multiple inheritance, and method combination.  Complete
 with code examples, the book has been adapted directly from the X3J13 Document 88-002R, submitted to the X3J13 Committee in June 1988.\par 
CONTENTS:  An Introduction to CLOS \bullet  Classes, Instances, and Slots \bullet  Generic Functions and Methods \bullet  Inheritance \bullet  Object Creation and Initialization \bullet  Modification of Classes and Instances \bullet  Metaclasses \bullet 
 CLOS Constructs \bullet  Appendix\par 
\par 
1991  paperbound  192 pages  55558-064-5  $26.95\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
How to use information technology to gain the competitive edge.\par 
\par 
INFORMATION IN THE ENTERPRISE\par 
IT'S MORE THAN TECHNOLOGY\par 
Geoffrey Darnton and \par 
Sergio Giacoletto, \par 
both of \par 
Digital Equipment Corporation\par 
\par 
This non-technical book examines the role of information in the broader business enterprise \emdash  how to use it to gain competitive advantage and t
o re-design business processes for greater efficiency.  Going beyond the technology itself, it offers concrete suggestions on how to construct extensively integrated information systems.  And it describes both the opportunities and the risks that may resul
t from the use of information technology.  Avoiding any bias toward top-down definitions and decompositions in strategic planning, the book is organized in three parts:\par 
\bullet \tab An Executive Brief presenting themes and recommendations\par 
\bullet \tab A description of the authors\rquote  experiences and insights on defining and building information infrastructures \emdash  at Digital and other large enterprises\par 
\bullet \tab An expanded case study \emdash  literature, theory, and how to extend the formal approaches\par 
CONTENTS:  Part I: Executive Brief \bullet  Themes and Visions \bullet  Recommendations for Management \bullet  Part II: Digital Experience \bullet  Evolution of a Model: 1983-1990 \bullet  Systems Architecture \bullet  Business Architecture \bullet 
 Organizational Impact \bullet  Part III: Enterprise Wide Information Infrastructures \bullet  Information Technology and Systems \bullet  The Information Management Challenges \bullet  Information, System, and Architecture \bullet 
 Information and IT Infrastructures \bullet  Appendixes \bullet  Acronyms and Abbreviations\par 
\par 
1992  clothbound  318 pages  55558-091-2  $34.95\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
Cut time and expense without sacrificing quality.\par 
\par 
ENTERPRISE NETWORKING\par 
WORKING TOGETHER APART\par 
Ray Grenier and \par 
George Metes\par 
\par 
Focusing on work environments in which knowledge workers use electronic networks and networking techniques to access, communicate, and share information, this
 book develops strategic and practical approaches that distributed organizations can use to succeed and compete.  You\rquote ll explore how such groups can decrease the time required to create quality products and services \emdash 
 even when their work teams are geographically and culturally dispersed, or \ldblquote Working Together Apart.\rdblquote   With a foreword by organizational expert Edgar H. Schein of MIT\rquote 
s Sloan School, this book will be indispensable for managers and planners seeking innovative ways to build the capabilities necessary for prosperity in this complex and rapidly changing world.\par 
CONTENTS:  Introduction \bullet  Overview \bullet  Assumptions and Realities \bullet  Capability Based Environment \bullet  The Capable Organization \bullet  Valuing Information and Knowledge Sharing \bullet  Enterprise Networking \bullet 
 Enterprise Networking Applications \bullet  Enterprise Networks: Anatomy and Physiology \bullet  Enterprise Network Management: An Architecture and Process \bullet  Simultaneous Distributed Work \bullet 
 Simultaneous Distributed Work: Goals and Processes \bullet  Simultaneous Distributed Work: Continuous Design and the Quest for Quality \bullet  Simultaneous Distributed Work in Action \bullet  Futurework: An Interview \bullet  Epilogue \bullet 
 Appendixes\par 
\par 
1992  clothbound  260 pages  55558-074-2  $29.95\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
FIFTH GENERATION MANAGEMENT  INTEGRATING ENTERPRISES THROUGH HUMAN NETWORKING\par 
Charles M. Savage, Digital Equipment Corporation\par 
\ldblquote Book of the Year: this year\rquote s honors go to Charles Savage for Fifth Generation Management.  Savage joins a select few ... who exquisitely explain tomorrow\rquote s bizarre organizational arrangemen
ts, where hierarchies are leveled and the imagery of networks and spider webs butts out yesterday\rquote s pyramids.\rdblquote  \par 
\emdash Tom Peters, Co-author of IN Search of Excellence\par 

Explore the shift from steep top-down management to human networking, as companies with second-generation management attempt to absorb fourth- and fifth-generation technologies, like computer-integrated manufacturing (CIM) and computer-integrated enterpris
es (CIE).  This provocative yet readable book looks into the assumptions, values, and ways of relating in the workplace that must change as companies move beyond the \ldblquote technology wall\rdblquote   into the future.\par 
1990  clothbound  267 pages  55558-037-8  $29.95\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
Benefit from the practices of the best logistics managers.\par 
\par 
LOGISTICAL EXCELLENCE\par 
IT'S NOT BUSINESS \par 
AS USUAL\par 
Donald J. Bowersox,\par 
Michigan State University\par 
Patricia J. Daugherty, Cornelia L. Droge, Richard N. Germain, Dale S. Rogers\par 
\par 
One of the nation\rquote s top authorities on logistics management presents a focused interpretation of research findings to 
help managers improve logistical competency within their organizations.  Zeroing in on the best practices of successful logistic managers \emdash  and well supported by statistical evidence \emdash 
 this handbook provides a sequential model as well as extensive coverage of Elecronic Data Interchange in the logistics process.  You\rquote 
ll find out why logistics must play an increasingly critical role in overall corporate strategy in the coming years, and why its managers must learn to better manage change.  Special emphasis is
 placed on the development of strategic alliances to increase corporate speed and quality.  Throughout the eight chapters, an action-oriented case dialogue facilitates interest and ease of reading.\par 
CONTENTS:  The Setting \bullet  Change is Everywhere \bullet  Logistics 1990's Style \bullet  Assessment \bullet  Moving the Mountain \bullet  The Keys to Success \bullet  Developing Strategic Alliances \bullet  The Day After Success \bullet  Appendixes
\par 
\par 
1992  clothbound  246 pages  55558-087-4  $29.95\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
Selecting and using software to tackle critical manufacturing problems.\par 
\par 
SOLVING BUSINESS PROBLEMS WITH MRPII\par 
Alan D. Luber,\par 
Digital Equipment Corporation\par 
\par 
Here\rquote s practical advice for managers on how to take advantage of an MRP II software system to plan and monitor your manufacturing, marketing, finance, and engineering resources.  Each chapter focuses on a specific problem \emdash 
 such as material shortages, high inventory, or poor quality \emdash  and explains possible causes plus the solutions provided by MRP II packages.  Find out about the advantages and drawbacks of MRP II (
as well as other systems), how to evaluate features and select the right system, and how to use it to solve pressing business problems.\par 
CONTENTS:  The Material Shortages Problem \bullet  The Inventory Problem \bullet  The Quality Problem \bullet  The Customer Service Problem \bullet  The Productivity Problem \bullet  The Cash Management Problem \bullet  Appendixes\par 
\par 
1991  clothbound  333 pages  55558-058-0  $35.95\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
With a Foreword by Ken Olsen.\par 
\par 
DIGITAL AT WORK\par 
SNAPSHOTS FROM THE FIRST THIRTY-FIVE YEARS\par 
Edited by Jamie Parker Pearson, Digital Equipment Corporation\par 
\par 

DIGITAL AT WORK tells the story of the first thirty-five years of Digital Equipment Corporation and illuminates the origins of its unique culture.  First person accounts from past and present members of the Digital community, industry associates, board mem
bers, and friends \emdash  plus a wealth of photos from Digital's archives \emdash  trace the company's evolution from the 1950s to present.\par 
"...It's worth reading for its historical data not only about Digital's computers but their predecessors, the 
Whirlwind, the TX-O, and the TX-2, as well.  It serves as a first approach to the history of an important computer firm, and even more, as a fine example of engineers and managers at work.  There are some good stories here, well told."\par 
\emdash  Steven Lubar, National Museum of American History, Smithsonian Institution\par 
CONTENTS:  PART I. DIGITAL'S BEGINNINGS \bullet  Foundations of Interactive Computing \bullet  A Catalyst for Invention: Working at MIT's Digital Computer Lab \bullet  A Distinguished Lineage: Interactive Computing with the PDP-1 \bullet 
 PART II. MANAGING GROWTH \bullet  From the PDP to the VAX \bullet  Doing the Right Thing: Engineering at Digital \bullet  Coping with Growth: Manufacutirng at Digital \bullet  Buying Faith: Sales and Service at Digital \bullet 
 PART III. HOW DIGITAL WORKS \bullet  Networking \bullet  More Responsibility Than Authority \bullet  The Digital Organization \bullet  Milestones in Digital's History \bullet  Who's Who \bullet  Glossary of Computer Terminology\par 
\par 
1992  paperbound  212 pages  55558-092-0  $19.95\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
The official guide to the writing of technical information for users of Digital hardware and software products.\par 
\par 
THE DIGITAL STYLE GUIDE\par 
Susan I. Schultz, Jennifer J. Darrow, Frank X. Kavanagh, and Marjorie J. Morse,\par 
all of Digital Equipment Corporation\par 
\par 
THE DIGITAL STYLE GUIDE is the official guide used by Digital and its third party partners to achieve consistency in text and on-line use information \emdash 
 and is the first such guide to deal with the special issues that arise in the creation of hardware and software computer documentation.  It is especially useful for application developers and their support staffs \emdash 
 especially project managers, engineers, writers and editors responsible for the preparation of technical user information for products that will be used in Digital environments for Digital-supported multivendor env
ironments.  The GUIDE provides such technical communications with:\par 
\bullet \tab consistent guidelines for resolving common issues of style and usage\par 
\bullet \tab a unique word list that includes over 1700 symbols, terms, acronyms, and abbreviations unique to Digital and multivendor environments\par 
\bullet \tab alphabetized style and word list sections \emdash  for quick \par 
\tab look-up\par 
\bullet \tab a multiplatform approach that deals with many aspects of creating information for environments in which other computers and operating systems are in use\par 
\par 
1993  paperbound  349 pages  55558-104-8  $24.95\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
PRODUCTION SOFTWARE THAT WORKS\par 
a guide to the concurrent development of realtime manufacturing systems\par 
John A. Behuniak and Iftikhar A. Ahmad, \par 
Digital Equipment Corporation\par 
Ann M. Courtright, CC&S Associates\par 
\par 
This usefu
l reference addresses the key tasks that are integral to realtime software development in manufacturing plants: managing the design of the system, setting up and coordinating a development organization, and implementing tools for successful completion and 
management. Whether you\rquote re a new or experienced project manager, you\rquote ll discover useful advice and easy-to-follow procedures that help you cut time and costs \emdash  and stay competitive.  You\rquote 
ll find out how to use concurrent methodologies to create realtime systems in half the time it usually takes \emdash  resulting in systems that are more flexible, more predictable, and far less costly than \par 
systems developed sequentially.\par 
1992  paperbound  204 pages  55558-083-1  $24.95\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
Direct from Digital's Information Design and Consulting Group.\par 
\par 
THE DIGITAL TECHNICAL DOCUMENTATION HANDBOOK\par 
Susan I. Schultz, Jennifer J. Darrow, Frank X. Kavanagh, and Marjorie J. Morse, all of Digital Equipment Corporation\par 
\par 
THE DIGITAL TECHNICAL DOCUMENTATION HANDBOOK describes the process of developing and producing technical user information at Digital Equipment Corporation.  It:\par 
\bullet \tab discusses techniques for making user information more effective\par 
\bullet \tab covers the draft and review process, the production and distribution of printed and electronic media, archiving, indexing, testing for usability, and many other topics\par 
\bullet \tab provides quality assurance checklists, and contains a glossary and a bibliography of resources for technical communicators\par 
\par 
1993  paperbound  319 pages  55558-103-X  $26.95\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
Bridges the transition from one operating system to another.\par 
\par 
SOFTWARE IMPLEMENTATION TECHNIQUES\par 
VMS, UNIX, OS, MS-DOS\par 
Donald E. Merusi,\par 
Pratt and Whitney Aircraft\par 
\par 
Learn the in\rquote s and out\rquote s of four widely used operating systems \emdash  VMS, UNIX, OS/2, and MS-DOS \emdash 
 with this all-inclusive guide.  Written by an experienced computer systems support specialist, it examines scheduling, synchronization techniques, file management, memory management, and more \emdash 
 bridging the transition from one operating system to another.  The book helps you design applications that run on one or more of these systems or port existing applications to a new system.  You\rquote ll benefit from the many examples \emdash 
 provided as building blocks to more elaborate implementations \emdash  as well as roadmaps that r
eview chapter contents, summaries, and reference lists for quick look-up of information.  A useful collection of algorithmic techniques and coding samples make this a comprehensive handbook for any programmer or software designer who wants to perform commo
n functions among various operating systems  in a multivendor environment.\par 
1992  paperbound  743 pages  55558-090-4  $39.95\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
Master the techniques.\par 
\par 
THE ART OF TECHNICAL DOCUMENTATION\par 
Katherine Haramundanis, \par 
Digital Equipment Corporation\par 
\par 

Technical writing is more like investigative reporting than like scientific writing, requiring practitioners to gather information rapidly, identify audiences, and use creativity and problem-solving skills.  Find out from an experienced technical documenta
tion expert how to gather, dissect, and understand technical information\emdash 
 and how to organize and present it for the reader.  Complete with illustrations, glossary, and useful appendixes including resources as well as international documentation standards, the book cove
rs planning and process, research techniques, use of graphics, audience analysis, the role of standards, and careers.\par 
CONTENTS:  Technical Documentation Defined \bullet   A Career in Technical Documentation \bullet  Precepts of Technical Documentation \bullet   Techniques for Developing Technical Documentation \bullet   Graphics in Technical Documentation \bullet 
  Information Presentation in Technical Documentation \bullet   Tools \bullet   Computer Hardware \bullet   Appendixes \bullet  Glossary\par 
\par 
1992  paperbound  267 pages  55558-080-7  $28.95\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
Benefit from Digital's secrets for overseas success.\par 
\par 
DIGITAL GUIDE TO DEVELOPING INTERNATIONAL SOFTWARE\par 
Corporate User Information Products Group\par 
Digital Equipment Corporation\par 
\par 
Already in use by hundreds of independent vendors and developers, here at your fingertips are the groundbreaking packaging and design guidelines that Digital recommends and uses for products headed overseas.  With examples throughout \emdash 
 from code fragments to large applications \emdash  this volume provides:\par 
\bullet \tab A plan for separating the core functions of a product from those that must be modified for international use\par 
\bullet \tab Special considerations for multibyte Asian languages or for environments where interfaces must accept input in several languages simultaneously\par 
\bullet \tab Guidelines for developers working in DECwindows, VMS, and the ULTRIX environments\par 
\bullet \tab Thirteen appendixes on the major language markets around the world\par 
\par 
1991  paperbound  381 pages  55558-063-7  $28.95\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
A market "first."\par 
\par 
DEVELOPING INTERNATIONAL USER INFORMATION\par 
Scott Jones, Cynthia Kennelly, Claudia Mueller, Marcia Sweezey, Bill Thomas, and Lydia Velez,\par 
\par 
For hi-tech companies operating in today\rquote s global economy, here is an indispensable guide that can help you reduce the expense and time demanded for translating your user information.  This unique book introduces you to Digital\rquote 
s success-proven methods for creating and packaging written, visual, and verbal user information that can be easily understood outside its country of origin and readily translated into other languages.  Find out how to adapt the
 writing and organizational practices of an industry leader to speed your own process along.\par 
CONTENTS:  What Is International User Information? \bullet  Digital\rquote s International Product Model \bullet  Planning for Localization \bullet  Designing International User Information \bullet  Writing International User Information \bullet 
 Illustrating International User Information \bullet  Developing International Voice Communication Products \bullet  Developing International Training Materials \bullet  Packaging International User Information \bullet  Appendixes\par 
\par 
1992  paperbound  214 pages  55558-084-X  $24.95\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
A valuable model for your own company.\par 
\par 
THE DIGITAL GUIDE TO SOFTWARE DEVELOPMENT\par 
Corporate User Information Products Group\par 
Digital Equipment Corporation\par 
\par 
Here is the first published description of the processes and practices, tools, and methods this industry giant uses to develop its software products.  This \ldblquote shirt-sleeves\rdblquote 
 guide is packed with diagrams and tables that illustrate each step in the complex software development process.  You\rquote ll learn all about Digital\rquote s standard \ldblquote phase review process,\rdblquote 
 the role of teams and their leaders, how computer-assisted software engineering tools (CASE) work, and how to control a project while improving productivity and product quality.\par 
\par 
1989  paperbound  239 pages  55558-035-1  $27.95\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
Enhance your hardware/software reliability.\par 
\par 
RELIABLE COMPUTER SYSTEMS\par 
DESIGN AND EVALUATION\par 
SECOND EDITION\par 
Daniel P. Siewiorek,\par 
Carnegie-Mellon University\par 
Robert S. Swarz, \par 
The MITRE Corporation\par 
\par 
Enhancement of system reliability has been a major concern of computer users and designers \emdash  and this major revision of the 1982 classic meets users\rquote 
 continuing need for practical information on this pressing topic.  Included are case studies of reliable s
ystems from manufacturers such as Tandem, Stratus, IBM, and Digital, as well as coverage of special systems such as the Galileo Orbiter fault protection system and AT&T telephone switching processors.  With over 480 technical diagrams, the book also covers
:\par 
\bullet \tab Existing fault-avoidance, fault-detection, and redundancy techniques\par 
\bullet \tab In-depth analytical evaluations of compare and contrast techniques\par 
\bullet \tab Current software techniques plus detailed descriptions of hardware features\par 
\bullet \tab Examples illustrating application of testing methods and evaluation criteria\par 
CONTENTS:  Fundamental Concepts \bullet  Faults and their Manifestations \bullet  Reliability and Availability Techniques \bullet  Maintainability and Testing Techniques \bullet  Evaluation Criteria \bullet  Financial Considerations \bullet 
 General Purpose Computing (VAX, IBM) \bullet  High-Availability Systems (AT&T, Tandem, Stratus) \bullet  Long Life Systems (Galileo) \bullet  Critical Computations (C.vmp, SIFT) \bullet  VAXft Series \bullet  Appendixes\par 
\par 
1992  clothbound  908 pages  55558-075-0  $64.95\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
A working guide that helps you look at your system from the end-user's viewpoint.\par 
\par 
THE HUMAN FACTOR\par 
DESIGNING COMPUTER SYSTEMS FOR PEOPLE\par 
Richard Rubinstein and Harry M. Hersh,\par 
both of Digital Equipment Corporation\par 
\par 
This practical guide and accompanying audiotape explain over 90 guidelines and considerations for designing, installing, and implementing systems that focus on human needs.  You\rquote 
ll discover unique approaches to human-computer interactions, backed up by pertinent research and realistic examples to ill
ustrate the points.  The one-hour audiotape features in-depth interviews with the authors, who emphasize the human approach and offer you dynamic new ideas for building successful systems.\par 
\par 
BOOK: 1984  paperbound  249 pages  932376-44-5  $29.95\par 
TAPE:  1987  60 minutes  932376-44-6  $12.95\par 
BOOK & TAPE:  932376-44-4  $39.95\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
Beyond its medical origins\'c9\par 
\par 
ABCs of MUMPS\par 
An Introduction for Novice and Intermediate Programmers\par 
Richard F. Walters,\par 
University of California, Davis\par 
\par 
This book will help programmers who want to take advantage of MUMPS and its unique features as a database management tool in business and academic environments.  You\rquote 
ll move logically through from an introduction to programming, to a presentation of MUMPS as a programming language which i
s both interpretive and a shared database manager.  Elements of the language, such as data types, syntax, command, and program creation, are covered in depth.  With numerous practical examples and exercises including answers.\par 
\par 
1989  paperbound  303 pages  55558-017-3  $27.95\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
A complete overview of the Power PC processor \emdash  with information on the instruction set and examples of how to program it.\par 
\par 
THE POWER PC\par 
A PRACTICAL COMPANION\par 
Steve Heath\par 
\par 

The first new PCs from the joint IBM/Apple venture are about to appear.  Using the new Power PC RISC microprocessor designed by IBM, Motorola, and Apple, these new PCs will enable Apple Mac software to run on IBM PCs and vice versa.  This book is a practic
al guide to the new microprocessor.  It will be a valuable reference to engineers programming the new IBM and Apple PCs and to students and hobbyists with an interest in what is going on inside the computer.\par 
\par 
CONTENTS\par 
Programming Model \bullet  Addressing Modes \bullet  Instruction Set \bullet  Memory Model \bullet  Branches and Program Flow Changes \bullet  Multiple Instruction Issues \bullet  Exception Processing \bullet  Hardware Interface \bullet 
 Family Descriptions MC98601, MC98603 MC98610, and MC98620 \bullet  Instruction Set Detailed Description \bullet  The Macintosh Compatibility Module \bullet  68000 and 88000 to Power PC Equivalent Instruction Set Chart \bullet 
 Hexadecimal to Decimal Conversion Table \bullet  Hexadecimal to OpCode Conversion Table Op Code to Hexadecimal Chart\par 
\par 
March, 1994  paperbound  350 pages  \par 
7506-1801-9  $24.95\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
Covers advanced window types and window management.\par 
\par 
WINDOWS\par 
ADVANCED PROGRAMMING \par 
AND DESIGN\par 
Peter Morris\par 
\par 
Anyone who is serious about Windows programming and requires a book that contains practical examples and applications will want this book.  The WINDOWS ADVANCED PROGRAMMING AND DESIGN GUIDE provides plenty t
o stimulate the mind.  Its an advanced look at Windows (both architectural and API levels) that provides many of those long sought after answers.  Topics covered include advanced dialog techniques and the dialog manager, genuine custom control building, ad
vanced dynamic link library theory and practice, super/sub-classing and hooks, and much, much more.\par 
\par 
CONTENTS\par 
Introduction \bullet  The Shell \bullet  The Return of the Shell \bullet  Dialog Boxes \bullet  Cleaning Windows \bullet  Controls \bullet  DLLs \bullet  Debugging \bullet  Misc \bullet  Appendices \bullet  Index\par 
\par 
1993  paperbound  900 pages  \par 
7506-0636-3  $39.95\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
Practical emphasis and examples \emdash  using C++, Turbo Pascal and Visual Basic to demonstrate OOP principles.\par 
\par 
OBJECT ORIENTED PROGRAMMING UNDER WINDOWS\par 
A PRACTICAL HANDBOOK\par 
Stephen Morris\par 
\par 

Unlike most books on the subject, OBJECT ORIENTED PROGRAMMING UNDER WINDOWS uses practical examples to show how OOP techniques can be applied in the real world, with particular emphasis on programming under Windows.  This timely book will appeal to anyone 
intending to write programs and experienced programmers who are planning to move from structured methods to OOP methods.\par 
\par 
CONTENTS\par 
Introduction to OOP \bullet  Programming Languages \bullet  Windows \bullet  Menus \bullet  Scroll Bars \bullet  Controls \bullet  Mouse and Keyboards \bullet  Screen Printing \bullet  Memory Management \bullet  The Clipboard \bullet 
 Icons * Bitmaps and Datafiles \bullet  Sound and Timers \bullet  Disk File Access \bullet  Using Text \bullet  Help Files \bullet  Dynamic Link Libraries \bullet  Dynamic Data Exchange \bullet  Multiple Document Interface\par 
\par 
April, 1994  paperbound  350 pages  \par 
7506-1792-6  $29.95\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
At a practical level for experienced programmers \emdash  with an emphasis on actual problems and solutions.\par 
\par 
STRUCTURED PROGRAM DESIGN\par 
A DESIGNER'S HANDBOOK\par 
David Nicol\par 
\par 

This book for the experienced software programmer presents a rigorous methodology, based on Jackson Structured Design (JSD), and clearly demonstrates how it can be applied to a wide variety of data processing problems.  With a clear emphasis on the invalua
ble distinction between the software life cycle, STRUCTURED PROGRAM DESIGN will suit programmers striving to become competent software designers.\par 
\par 
CONTENTS\par 
Introduction \bullet  Steps of the Structured Method \bullet  System Diagram Networks Data Streams and their Deviation \bullet  Essential Principles \bullet  Notation and its Uses \bullet  Data Structures \bullet  Database Structures \bullet 
 Commonality and Design Optimization \bullet  Correspondence \bullet  Iteration in the Design Process \bullet  Program Structure Diagrams \bullet  Operations \bullet  Structure Text \bullet  Implementation (1) \bullet  Collating \bullet 
 Recognition Difficulties and Backtracking \bullet  Errors and Invalidity \bullet  Ordering Clashes and Inversion \bullet  Interleaving Clashes \bullet  Implementation (2)\par 
\par 
April, 1994  paperbound  256 pages  \par 
7506-1759-4  $29.95\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
A comprehensive, hands-on guide to Windows NT (New Technology)\par 
\par 
WINDOWS NT\par 
A PRACTICAL GUIDE\par 
Arthur Tennick\par 
\par 

This book provides a practical introduction that will enable the user to become proficient in actually using Windows NT.  It starts from basic principles for the beginner and leads effortlessly into areas of interest to the power user and system administra
tor.  Almost ever
y aspect of Windows NT is explained in practical, concise text.  End users will find it useful in learning how to work with Windows and accessories.  Power users will learn the ins and outs of Control panel, OLE, and workgroups.  Administrators can come to
 grips with User Manager and Event Viewer.\par 
\par 
CONTENTS\par 
Background \bullet  Hardware Requirements \bullet  Installation of NT \bullet  Installation of Hardware and Drivers \bullet  NT Help \bullet  Program Manager \bullet  File Manager \bullet  Print Manager \bullet  Mail \bullet  Schedule \bullet 
 Control Panel \bullet  NT Command Prompt \bullet  OLE and Multimedia \bullet  Troubleshooting NT\par 
\par 
April, 1994  paperbound  350 pages  \par 
7506-0852-8  $24.95\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
Explains how viruses function and how to combat them, and evaluates leading anti-virus software\par 
DR. SOLOMON'S \par 
PC ANTI-VIRUS BOOK\par 
Tim Kay\par 
Alan Solomon\par 
\par 
The number of PC viruses is now in the range of 2500.  How does the average PC user or major company prevent massive data loss from virus attack?  This comprehensive guide to PC viruses provides the answers and gives solid advice on preventative measur
es.  It sets out to explain how PC viruses work and how to guard against a viral attack.  And for the user unlucky enough to come across an infected PC, there is ample coverage of the steps to take in combating such a dilemma.  Leading anti-virus software 
is exhaustively evaluated.\par 
\par 
CONTENTS\par 
Glossary \bullet  History of the PC Virus \bullet  Anti-Virus Software \bullet  Review of Commercial AVs \bullet  Anti-Virus Procedures \bullet  Virus Clean-up Procedures \bullet  Virus Quick Reference Chart \bullet  Specific Viruses\par 
\par 
1994  paperbound  304 pages  \par 
7506-1614-8  $24.95\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
Practical information for understanding the basic technology of PC networks.\par 
\par 
EFFECTIVE PC NETWORKING\par 
Steve Heath\par 
\par 

With networks frequently seen as a panacea for most office automation problems, it is essential to understand the basic technology used within such systems and its limitations and advantages.  EFFECTIVE PC NETWORKING describes this technology used within m
ost PC networks and gives a lot of practical advice on how to avoid the problems and pitfalls.\par 
\par 
CONTENTS\par 
Preface \bullet  Acknowledgments \bullet  Why Network? \bullet  Network Hardware \bullet  Network Software \bullet  Ethernet \bullet  Token Ring \bullet  Token Bus and Other Systems \bullet  Other Connections \bullet  Planning a Network \bullet 
 Using Networks \bullet  Network Management \bullet  Common Faults \bullet  Configuring IBM PCs \bullet  Index\par 
\par 
1993  paperbound  256 pages \par 
7506-1136-7  $32.95\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
Provides numerous tips to boost productivity \emdash  \par 
valuable to DOS users as well.\par 
\par 
GETTING THE JOB DONE WITH WORDPERFECT FOR WINDOWS\par 
Andrew-Glyn Smail\par 
\par 
The majority of books written on WordPerfect focus on the program ra
ther than on your work; on the tool rather than the job.  GETTING THE JOB DONE WITH WORDPERFECT FOR WINDOWS is for the user whose job is to produce office documents in a business or other professional environment and is already familiar with the basis of w
ord processing.  It explains program functions within the context of recognizable tasks and jobs, such as the creation of memos and letters.  It is based on Windows 3.1 and WordPerfect for Windows but DOS users of WordPerfect will also find this book a val
uable source.\par 
\par 
CONTENTS\par 
ACKNOWLEDGMENTS \bullet  PART I. THE BIG PICTURE \bullet  Picture \bullet  The Four Ps \bullet  Setting Up Shop \bullet  PART 2. THE TASKS \bullet  Basic Tasks \bullet  Data Exchange \bullet  Automating the Works \bullet  PART 3. THE JOBS \bullet 
 Common Office Jobs \bullet  Mailshots \bullet  Reports \bullet  Glossary \bullet  Index\par 
\par 
1993  paperbound  443 pages  \par 
7506-0541-3  $39.95\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
Practical help for learning the basics of \emdash  and becoming proficient in \emdash  UNIX.\par 
\par 
UNIX BY EXAMPLE\par 
THE EASY WAY TO LEARN UNIX\par 
P.K. McBride\par 
\par 
This book teaches the student and new business user of UNIX
 the concepts and use of commands by fully worked practical examples.  By working through these examples, the reader will gain the understanding and confidence needed to become a proficient UNIX user.  No previous UNIX experience or any computer system is 
required to make full use of this book.\par 
\par 
CONTENTS\par 
Introduction \bullet  You and UNIX \bullet  An Hour with UNIX \bullet  Editing Text with vi \bullet  Exploring Directories \bullet  File Management \bullet  Working with the System \bullet  Working with Others \bullet  Help! \bullet  The Bourne Shell 
\bullet  The C Shell \bullet  Finding Files \bullet  Text File Processing \bullet  Data File Processing \bullet  File Maintenance \bullet  Miscellaneous Utilities \bullet  Shell Programming \bullet  Quick Reference \bullet  Index\par 
\par 
1993  paperbound  240 pages  \par 
7506-0637-1  $27.50\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
In-depth information on the programming languages of \par 
HyperCard and Plus.\par 
HYPERTALK AND HYPERTEXT\par 
PROGRAMMING THE GRAPHIC INTERFACE IN THE MACINTOSH AND WINDOWS ENVIRONMENT WITH HYPERCARD 2 PLUS\par 
Tony Stanley\par 
\par 
This book provides in-depth information on HyperTalk and PPL, the programming languages of HyperCard
 and Plus.  In addition to the possibility of creating applications that can be used without modification with Windows 3 on IBM compatibles and on the Macintosh, the approach followed makes it possible to explore the basics of object-oriented programming i
n graphical environments and is well suited to act as an introduction to the graphical environment for programmers skilled in languages such as Pascal or C.\par 
\par 
CONTENTS\par 
Introduction \bullet  Dumb Waiters \bullet  Containers and Operators \bullet  Objects and their Properties \bullet  Friendliness \bullet  Control Structures \bullet  Ideas for HyperText \bullet  Dealing with Text \bullet  Messages, Commands and Functions 
\bullet  Public Relations \bullet  With and Without HyperCard \bullet  Structures and Strategies \bullet  Menus, Windows and Sounds \bullet  Conclusion \bullet  Glossary \bullet  Appendix: ASII Codes \bullet  Index\par 
\par 
1992  paperbound  475 pages  \par 
7506-0500-6  $49.95\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
 For quality practitioners in all types of organizations \emdash  addresses each requirement of each clause.\par 
ISO 9000 QUALITY SYSTEMS HANDBOOK\par 
David Hoyle\par 
\par 
Written with the busy manager in mind, t
he ISO 9000 QUALITY SYSTEMS HANDBOOK is a manual for those managing, designing, implementing, auditing, or assessing quality systems that aim to meet the Standard.  In this book the mysteries of how to become and remain accredited to the quality system sta
ndard are solved.  The approach taken is appropriate for quality practitioners of all types in any organization.  Unlike other guides, this book addresses each individual requirement of each clause.  One by one the purpose of the requirements is explained,
 and guidance in meeting them is offered.\par 
\par 
CONTENTS\par 
Preparing for ISO 9000 Registration \bullet  Satisfying ISO 9000 Requirements \bullet  Management Responsibility \bullet  Quality System \bullet  Contract Review \bullet  Design Control \bullet  Document Control \bullet  Purchasing \bullet 
 Purchaser Supplied Product \bullet  Product Identification and Traceability \bullet  Process Control \bullet  Inspection and Testing \bullet  Inspection, Measuring and Test Equipment \bullet  Inspection and Test Status \bullet 
 Control of Nonconforming Product \bullet  Corrective Action \bullet  Handling, Storage, Packaging, and Delivery \bullet  Quality Records \bullet  Internal Quality Audits \bullet  Training \bullet  Servicing \bullet  Statistical Techniques \bullet 
 Glossary of Terms \bullet  Procedures Required by ISO 9000 \bullet  Bibliography \bullet  Index of Related Standards \bullet  Relationship of Clauses\par 
\par 
1994  paperbound  420 pages  \par 
7506-1690-3  $29.95\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
Covers a wide range of knowledge processing technologies \emdash  case studies illustrate practical commercial application.\par 
\par 
KNOWLEDGE PROCESSING AND APPLIED ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE\par 
Soumitra Dutta\par 
\par 
This practical book provides an explanation of AI concepts and techniques.  It shows students how they can solve business problems with AI technologies, and analyze the strategic impact of AI technology on organizations.\par 
\par 
CONTENTS\par 
Knowledge Acquisition and Knowledge Representation \bullet  Inference Techniques and Architectures \bullet  Man-machine Interfaces \bullet  Reasoning with Uncertainty and Imprecision \bullet  Machine Learning \bullet 
 Neutral Networks and Parallel Models of Intelligence \bullet  Software Engineering of AI Systems \bullet  Strategic Impact on Organizations \bullet  The AI Market\par 
\par 
1993  paperbound  352 pages  \par 
7506-1612-1  $34.95\par 
\par 
\par 
AUTHOR/TITLE INDEX\par 
\par 
Anagnostopoulos \bullet  VAX/VMS: Writing Real \par 
Programs in DCL\tab 6\par 
Arms \bullet  Campus Strategies for Libraries and \par 
Electronic Information.\tab 11\par 
Asente/Swick \bullet  X Window System Toolkit\tab 14\par 
Behuniak et al. \bullet  Production Software That Works\tab 18\par 
Bourne \bullet  UNIX for VMS Users\tab 5\par 
Bowersox et al. \bullet  Logistical Excellence\tab 17\par 
Brain \bullet  Motif Programming\tab 14\par 
Brunner \bullet  VAX Architecture Reference Manual, \par 
2nd ed.\tab 8\par 
Champine \bullet  MIT Project Athena \tab 12\par 
da Cruz \bullet  Kermit\tab 10\par 
da Cruz & Gianone \bullet  Using C-Kermit\tab 9\par 
Darnton & Giacoletto \bullet  Information in the Enterprise\tab 16\par 
Davis \bullet  VaxCluster Principles\tab 4\par 
de Klerk \bullet  Writing VAX/VMS Applications \par 
Using Pascal\tab 7\par 
Digital \bullet  Digital Dictionary, 2nd ed.\tab 6\par 
Digital \bullet  Digital Guide to Developing International Software\tab 19\par 
Digital \bullet  Digital Guide to Software Development\tab 19\par 
Dutta \bullet  Knowledge Processing and Applied Artificial Intelligence\tab 22\par 
Gianone \bullet  Using MS-DOS Kermit, 2nd ed.\tab  10\par 
Goldenberg & Kenah \bullet  VAX/VMS Internals and \par 
Data Structures\tab 8\par 
Goldenberg & Saravanan \bullet  OpenVMS AXP Internals and Data Structures\tab 2\par 
Goldenberg & Saravanan \bullet  VMS for Alpha Platforms \tab Internals and Data Structures\tab 6\par 
Grenier & Metes \bullet  Enterprise Networking\tab 16\par 
Haramundanis \bullet  Art of Technical Documentation\tab 19\par 
Heath \bullet  Effective PC Networking\tab 23\par 
Heath \bullet  The Power PC\tab 22\par 
Hobbs & England \bullet  Digital's CDD/Repository\tab 4\par 
Hobbs & England \bullet  Rdb/VMS\tab 6\par 
Hoyle \bullet  ISO 9000 Quality Systems Handbook\tab 24\par 
Israel & Fortune \bullet  X Window System Server\tab 13\par 
Jones et al. \bullet  Developing International User \par 
Information\tab 19\par 
Kay & Solomon \bullet  Dr. Solomon's PC Anti-Virus Book\tab 21\par 
Kelly \bullet  Practical Knowledge Engineering\tab 15\par 
LaQuey \bullet  User\rquote s Directory of Computer Networks\tab 11\par 
Lawless & Miller \bullet  Understanding CLOS\tab 15\par 
Laverdure et al \bullet  NAS Architecture Reference Manual\tab 10\par 
Levy & Eckhouse \bullet  Computer Prog. and Architecture, 2nd ed.\tab 8\par 
Luber \bullet  Solving Business Problems with MRP II\tab 17\par 
Martin & Leben \bullet  DECnet Phase V\tab 11\par 
Martin & Leben \bullet  NAS\tab 9\par 
McBride \bullet  UNIX by Example\tab 24\par 
McCoy \bullet  VMS File System Internals\tab 8\par 
McNamara \bullet  Technical Aspects of Data Communi-\par 
cation, 3rd ed.\tab 12\par 
McNamara \bullet  Local Area Networks\tab 12\par 
Merusi \bullet  Software Implementation Techniques\tab 18\par 
Michael et al \bullet  FDDI\tab 11\par 
Miller \bullet  VAX/VMS Operating System Concepts\tab 7\par 
Moore & Sawey \bullet  BITNET for VMS Users\tab 10\par 
Morris \bullet  Object Oriented Programming Under  \par 
Windows\tab 23\par 
Morris \bullet  Windows\tab 21\par 
Nicol \bullet  Structured Program Design\tab 23\par 
Pearson \bullet  Digital at Work\tab 17\par 
Peters & Holmay \bullet  VMS User\rquote s Guide\tab 7\par 
Quarterman \bullet  Matrix\tab 12\par 
Redmond \bullet  ALL-IN-1: Managing and Programming\par 
V3.0\tab 5\par 
Redmond \bullet  ALL-IN-1: A Technical Odyssey\tab 5\par 
Redmond \bullet  Working with TeamLinks\tab 9\par 
Rhoton \bullet  ALL-IN-1: Integrating Applications in V3.0\tab 5\par 
Rost \bullet  X and Motif Quick Reference Guide, 2nd ed.\tab 13\par 
Rubinstein & Hersh \bullet  Human Factor\tab 20\par 
Savage \bullet  Fifth Generation Management\tab 16\par 
Sawey & Stokes \bullet  Beginner\rquote s Guide to VAX/VMS Utilities and Applications, 2nd ed.\tab 7\par 
Scheifler et al. \bullet  X Window System, 3rd ed.\tab 14\par 
Schultz et al \bullet  The Digital Style Guide\tab 18\par 
Schultz et al \bullet  The Digital Technical Documentation Handbook\tab 18\par 
Sherlock \bullet  Using DecWindows Motif for OpenVMS\tab 13\par 
Siewiorek & Swarz \bullet  Reliable Computer Systems,\par 
2nd ed.\tab 20\par 
Sites \bullet  Alpha Architecture Reference Manual\tab 4\par 
Smail \bullet  Getting the Job Done with WordPerfect for Windows\tab 22\par 
Stanley \bullet  HyperTalk and HyperText\tab 24\par 
Steele \bullet  Common Lisp, 2nd ed.\tab 15\par 
Tennick \bullet  Windows NT\tab 21\par 
Walters \bullet  ABCs of MUMPS\tab 20\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
TITLE/AUTHOR INDEX\par 
\par 
ABCs of MUMPS \bullet  Walters\tab 20\par 
ALL-IN-1: Managing and Programming in V3.0 \bullet  Redmond\tab 5\par 
ALL-IN-1: A Technical Odyssey \bullet  Redmond\tab 5\par 
ALL-IN-1: Integrating Applications in V3.0 \bullet  Rhoton\tab 5\par 
Alpha Architecture Reference Manual \bullet  Sites\tab 4\par 
Art of Technical Documentation \bullet  Haramundanis\tab 19\par 
Beginner\rquote s Guide to VAX/VMS Utilities and \par 
Applications, 2nd ed. \bullet  Sawey & Stokes\tab 7\par 
BITNET for VMS Users \bullet  Moore & Sawey\tab 10\par 
Campus Strategies for Libraries and Electronic Information \bullet  Arms\tab 11\par 
Common Lisp, 2nd ed. \bullet  Steele\tab 15\par 
Computer Programming and Architecture, 2nd ed. \bullet  Levy & Eckhouse\tab 8\par 
DECnet Phase V \bullet  Martin & Leben\tab 11\par 
Developing International User Information \bullet  \par 
Jones et al.\tab 19\par 
Digital at Work \bullet  Pearson\tab 17\par 
Digital Dictionary, 2nd ed. \bullet  Digital\tab 6\par 
Digital Guide to Developing International Software \bullet  Digital\tab 19\par 
Digital Guide to Software Development \bullet  Digital\tab 19\par 
The Digital Style Guide \bullet  Schultz et al\tab 18\par 
The Digital Technical Documentation Handbook \bullet \par 
Schultz et al\tab 18\par 
Digital's CDD/Repository \bullet  Hobbs & England\tab 4\par 
Dr. Solomon's PC Anti-Virus Book \bullet  Kay & Solomon\tab 21\par 
Effective PC Networking \bullet  Heath\tab 23\par 
Enterprise Networking \bullet  Grenier & Metes\tab 16\par 
FDDI \bullet  Michael et al\tab 11\par 
Fifth Generation Management \bullet  Savage\tab 16\par 
Getting the Job Done with WordPerfect for Windows \bullet  Smail\tab 22\par 
Human Factor \bullet  Rubinstein & Hersh\tab 20\par 
HyperTalk and HyperText \bullet  Stanley\tab 24\par 
Information in the Enterprise \bullet  Darnton & Giacoletto\tab 16\par 
ISO 9000 Quality Systems Handbook \bullet  Hoyle\tab 24\par 
Kermit \bullet  da Cruz\tab 10\par 
Knowledge Processing and Applied Artificial \par 
Intelligence \bullet  Dutta\tab 22\par 
Local Area Networks \bullet  McNamara\tab 12\par 
Logistical Excellence \bullet  Bowersox et al.\tab 17\par 
Matrix \bullet  Quarterman\tab 12\par 
MIT Project Athena  \bullet  Champine\tab 12\par 
Motif Programming \bullet  Brain\tab 14\par 
NAS \bullet  Martin & Leben\tab 9\par 
NAS Architecture Reference Manual \bullet  Laverdure et al\tab 10\par 
Object Oriented Programming Under Windows \bullet  \par 
Morris\tab 23\par 
OpenVMS AXP Internals and Data Structures  \bullet  Goldenberg & Saravanan\tab 2\par 
The Power PC \bullet  Heath\tab 22\par 
Practical Knowledge Engineering \bullet  Kelly\tab 15\par 
Production Software That Works \bullet  Behuniak et al.\tab 18\par 
Rdb/VMS \bullet  Hobbs & England\tab 6\par 
Reliable Computer Systems, 2nd ed. \bullet  Siewiorek \par 
& Swarz\tab 20\par 
Software Implementation Techniques \bullet  Merusi\tab 18\par 
Solving Business Problems with MRP II \bullet  Luber\tab 17\par 
Structured Program Design \bullet  Nicol\tab 23\par 
Technical Aspects of Data Communication, 3rd ed. \bullet  McNamara\tab 12\par 
Understanding CLOS \bullet  Lawless & Miller\tab 15\par 
UNIX by Example \bullet  McBride\tab 24\par 
UNIX for VMS Users \bullet  Bourne\tab 5\par 
User\rquote s Directory of Computer Networks \bullet  LaQuey\tab 11\par 
Using MS-DOS Kermit, 2nd ed. \bullet  Gianone\tab 10\par 
Using C-Kermit \bullet  da Cruz & Gianone\tab 9\par 
Using DecWindows Motif for OpenVMS \bullet  Sherlock\tab 13\par 
VAX Architecture Reference Manual, 2nd ed. \bullet  \par 
Brunner\tab 8\par 
VaxCluster Principles \bullet  Davis\tab 4\par 
VAX/VMS Internals and Data Structures \bullet  \par 
Goldenberg & Kenah\tab 8\par 
VAX/VMS Operating System Concepts \bullet  Miller\tab 7\par 
VAX/VMS: Writing Real Programs in DCL \bullet  Anagnostopoulos\tab 6\par 
VMS File System Internals \bullet  McCoy\tab 8\par 
VMS for Alpha Platforms Internals and Data \par 
Structures \bullet  Goldenberg & Saravanan\tab 6\par 
VMS User\rquote s Guide \bullet  Peters & Holmay\tab 7\par 
Windows NT \bullet  Tennick\tab 21\par 
Working with Teamlinks \bullet  Redmond\tab 9\par 
Writing VAX/VMS Applications Using Pascal \bullet  \par 
de Klerk\tab 7\par 
X and Motif Quick Reference Guide, 2nd ed. \bullet  Rost\tab 13\par 
X Window System Server \bullet  Israel & Fortune\tab 13\par 
X Window System, 3rd ed. \bullet  Scheifler et al.\tab 14\par 
X Window System Toolkit \bullet  Asente & Swick\tab 2\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
ORDER FORM\par 
\par 
Digital Press\par 
\par 
HOW TO ORDER \par 
DIGITAL PRESS BOOKS\par 
By phone: \par 
\tab Toll-FREE 800-366-BOOK (2665)\par 
\tab (8:30 AM to 7:30 PM, ET)\par 
By fax:  \par 
\tab 617-438-1479\tab Beginning May 9, 1994\par 
\tab (24 hours a day)\tab 617-933-6333\par 
By mail:\par 
\tab Digital Press\tab Beginning May 9, 1994\par 
\tab 80 Montvale Ave.\tab 225 Wildwood St.\par 
\tab Stoneham, MA 02180\tab Woburn, MA 01801\par 
\par 
\par 
CUSTOMER CONTACT\par 
Name\tab \par 
Phone\tab \par 
BILL TO:\par 
Company\tab \par 
Dept/Attn\tab \par 
Street\tab \par 
City/State/Zip\tab \par 
\par 
\par 
* Free shipping/handling on all orders of two or more books. Just tell the operator your catalog number (see below).\par 
\par 
Help us speed your order along\par 
\bullet \tab Check, money order, MasterCard, VISA, and AMEX  accepted.  You must include one of these, or a corporate/institutional purchase order.\par 
\bullet \tab Please include $3.75 for shipping for any single-book purchase.  For orders placed with purchase order, handling will be added to the invoice.\par 
\bullet \tab Please include all applicable state, county, and local sales, use, and other taxes, or include a tax-exempt identification number.  All prices are in U.S. dollars and are subject to change.\par 
DIGITAL PRESS 100% Money-Back \par 
Guarantee\par 
If, for any reason, you are not completely satisfied with the Digital Press books you have ordered, return them within 30 days for full credit.\par 
SHIP TO:\par 
Company\tab \par 
Dept/Attn\tab \par 
Street\tab \par 
City/State/Zip\tab \par 
PAYMENT METHOD:\par 
\par 
n Charge my      n MasterCard        n VISA        n AMEX\par 
Card # _________________________________________Expires_______\par 
Cardholder name______________________________________________\par 
Signature____________________________________________________Telephone number_____________________________________________\par 
n Check or money order enclosed (payable to Digital Press)\par 
n Purchase order attached #____________________________________\par 
\par 
Canadian customers: We accept payment in Canadian dollars  Please convert the listed prices at the rate of Canadian $1.32: US $1.00.  Also, please include 7%GST.\par 
\tab \tab \tab \tab CATALOG #\par 
\par 
QTY.\tab AUTHOR\tab TITLE\tab ISBN\tab PRICE\tab TOTAL\par 
\par 
____\tab Anagnostopoulos \tab VAX/VMS: Writing Real Programs in DCL\tab 55558-023-8\tab $29.95\tab \tab \par 
____\tab Arms \tab Campus Strategies for Libraries and Electronic Info.\tab 55558-036-X\tab $34.95\tab \tab \par 
____\tab Asente/Swick\tab X Window System Toolkit\tab 55558-051-3\tab $44.95\tab \tab \par 
____\tab Behuniak et al. \tab Production Software That Works\tab 55558-083-1\tab $24.95\tab \tab \par 
____\tab Bourne \tab UNIX for VMS Users\tab 55558-034-3\tab $29.95\tab \tab \par 
____\tab Bowersox et al. \tab Logistical Excellence\tab 55558-087-4\tab $29.95\tab \tab \par 
____\tab Brain \tab Motif Programming\tab 55558-089-0\tab $29.95\tab \tab \par 
____\tab Brunner \tab VAX Architecture Reference Manual, 2nd ed.\tab 55558-057-2\tab $49.95\tab \tab \par 
____\tab Champine \tab MIT Project Athena \tab 55558-072-6\tab $28.95\tab \tab \par 
____\tab da Cruz \tab Kermit\tab 932376-88-6\tab $29.95\tab \tab \par 
____\tab da Cruz \tab Using C-Kermit\tab 55558-108-0\tab $34.95\tab \tab \par 
____\tab Darnton & Giacoletto \tab Information in the Enterprise\tab 55558-091-2\tab $34.95\tab \tab \par 
____\tab Davis \tab VaxCluster Principles\tab 55558-112-9\tab $49.95\tab \tab \par 
____\tab de Klerk \tab Writing VAX/VMS Applications Using Pascal\tab 55558-067-X\tab $39.95\tab \tab \par 
____\tab Digital \tab Digital Dictionary, 2nd ed.\tab 932376-82-7\tab $29.95\tab \tab \par 
____\tab Digital \tab Digital Guide to Developing International Software\tab 55558-063-7\tab $28.95\tab \tab \par 
____\tab Digital \tab Digital Guide to Software Development\tab 55558-035-1\tab $27.95\tab \tab \par 
____\tab Dutta \tab Knowledge Processing & Applied Artificial Intelligence\tab 7506-1612-1\tab $34.95\tab \tab \par 
____\tab Gianone \tab Using MS-DOS Kermit, 2nd ed.\tab 55558-082-3\tab $34.95\tab \tab \par 
Continued on reverse...\par 
QTY.\tab AUTHOR\tab TITLE\tab ISBN\tab PRICE\tab TOTAL\par 
\par 
____\tab Goldenberg/Saravanan \tab Open VMS AXP Internals and Data Structures.\tab 55558-120-X\tab $120.00\tab \tab \par 
____\tab Goldenberg & Kenah \tab VAX/VMS Internals and Data Structures\tab 55558-059-9\tab $124.95\tab \tab \par 
____\tab Goldenberg & Saravanan \tab VMS for Alpha Platforms, Volume 1\tab 55558-095-5\tab $30.00\tab \tab \par 
____\tab Goldenberg & Saravanan \tab VMS for Alpha Platforms, Volume 2\tab 55558-105-6\tab $30.00\tab \tab \par 
____\tab Goldenberg & Saravanan \tab VMS for Alpha Platforms, Volume 3\tab 55558-109-9\tab $30.00\tab \tab \par 
____\tab Grenier & Metes \tab Enterprise Networking\tab 55558-074-2\tab $29.95\tab \tab \par 
____\tab Haramundanis \tab Art of Technical Documentation\tab 55558-080-7\tab $28.95\tab \tab \par 
____\tab Heath \tab Effective PC Networking\tab 7506-1136-7\tab $32.95\tab \tab \par 
____\tab Heath \tab The Power PC\tab 7506-1801-9\tab $24.95\tab \tab \par 
____\tab Hobbs & England \tab Digital's CDD/Repository\tab 55558-113-7\tab $34.95\tab \tab \par 
____\tab Hobbs & England \tab Rdb/VMS\tab 55558-073-4\tab $34.95\tab \tab \par 
____\tab Hoyle \tab ISO 9000 Quality Systems Handbook\tab 7506-1690-3\tab $29.95\tab \tab \par 
____\tab Israel & Fortune \tab X Window System Server\tab 55558-096-3\tab $45.95\tab \tab \par 
____\tab Jones et al. \tab Developing International User Information\tab 55558-084-X\tab $24.95\tab \tab \par 
____\tab Kay & Solomon \tab Dr. Solomon's PC Anti-Virus Book\tab 7506-1614-8\tab $24.95\tab \tab \par 
____\tab Kelly \tab Practical Knowledge Engineering\tab 55558-070-X\tab $28.95\tab \tab \par 
____\tab LaQuey \tab User\rquote s Directory of Computer Networks\tab 55558-047-5\tab $35.95\tab \tab \par 
____\tab Lawless & Miller \tab Understanding CLOS\tab 55558-064-5\tab $26.95\tab \tab \par 
____\tab Laverdure et al \tab NAS Architecture Reference Manual\tab 55558-115-3\tab $34.95\tab \tab \par 
____\tab Levy & Eckhouse \tab Computer Prog. and Architecture, 2nd ed.\tab 55558-015-7\tab $39.95\tab \tab \par 
____\tab Luber \tab Solving Business Problems with MRP II\tab 55558-058-0\tab $35.95\tab \tab \par 
____\tab Martin & Leben \tab DECnet Phase V\tab 55558-076-9\tab $49.95\tab \tab \par 
____\tab Martin & Leben \tab NAS\tab 55558-117-X\tab $34.95\tab \tab \par 
____\tab McBride \tab UNIX by Example\tab 7506-0637-1\tab $27.50\tab \tab \par 
____\tab McCoy \tab VMS File System Internals\tab 55558-056-4\tab $49.95\tab \tab \par 
____\tab McNamara \tab Technical Aspects of Data Communi-cation, 3rd ed.\tab 55558-111-0\tab $32.00\tab \tab \par 
____\tab McNamara \tab Local Area Networks\tab 932376-79-7\tab $29.00\tab \tab \par 
____\tab Merusi \tab Software Implementation Techniques\tab 55558-090-4\tab $39.95\tab \tab \par 
____\tab Michael et al \tab FDDI\tab 55558-093-9\tab $17.95\tab \tab \par 
____\tab Miller \tab VAX/VMS Operating System Concepts\tab 55558-065-3\tab $44.95\tab \tab \par 
____\tab Moore & Sawey \tab BITNET for VMS Users\tab 55558-094-7\tab $25.95\tab \tab \par 
____\tab Morris \tab Object Oriented Programming Under Windows\tab 7506-1792-6\tab $29.95\tab \tab ____\par 
____\tab Morris \tab Windows\tab 7506-0636-3\tab $39.95\tab \tab \par 
____\tab Nicol \tab Structured Program Design\tab 7506-1759-4\tab $29.95\tab \tab \par 
____\tab Pearson \tab Digital at Work\tab 55558-092-0\tab $19.95\tab \tab \par 
____\tab Peters & Holmay \tab VMS User\rquote s Guide\tab 55558-014-9\tab $29.95\tab \tab \par 
____\tab Quarterman \tab Matrix\tab 55558-033-5\tab $49.95\tab \tab \par 
____\tab Redmond \tab ALL-IN-1: Managing and ProgrammingV3.0\tab 55558-101-3\tab $52.95\tab \tab \par 
____\tab Redmond \tab ALL-IN-1: A Technical Odyssey\tab 55558-086-6\tab $44.95\tab \tab \par 
____\tab Redmond \tab Working with TeamLinks\tab 55558-116-1\tab $44.95\tab \tab \par 
____\tab Rhoton \tab ALL-IN-1: Integrating Applications in V3.0\tab 55558-102-1\tab $52.95\tab \tab \par 
____\tab Rost \tab X and Motif Quick Reference Guide, 2nd ed.\tab 55558-118-8\tab $24.95\tab \tab \par 
____\tab Rubinstein & Hersh \tab Human Factor, Book Only\tab 932376-44-5\tab $29.95\tab \tab \par 
____\tab Rubinstein & Hersh \tab Human Factor, Tape Only\tab 932376-44-6\tab $12.95\tab \tab \par 
____\tab Rubinstein & Hersh \tab Human Factor, Book and Tape\tab 932376-44-4\tab $39.95\tab \tab \par 
____\tab Savage \tab Fifth Generation Management\tab 55558-037-8\tab $29.95\tab \tab \par 
____\tab Sawey & Stokes \tab Beginner\rquote s Guide to VAX/VMS Utils & Apps, 2nd ed.\tab 55558-066-1\tab $27.95\tab \tab \par 
____\tab Scheifler et al. \tab X Window System, 3rd ed.\tab 55558-088-2\tab $49.95\tab \tab \par 
____\tab Schultz et al \tab The Digital Style Guide\tab 55558-104-8\tab $24.95\tab \tab \par 
____\tab Schultz et al \tab The Digital Technical Documentation Handbook\tab 55558-103-X\tab $26.95\tab \tab \par 
____\tab Sherlock \tab Using DecWindows Motif for VMS\tab 55558-114-5\tab $34.95\tab \tab \par 
____\tab Siewiorek & Swarz \tab Reliable Computer Systems, 2nd ed.\tab 55558-075-0\tab $64.95\tab \tab \par 
____\tab Sites \tab Alpha Architecture Reference Manual\tab 55558-098-X\tab $34.95\tab \tab \par 
____\tab Smail \tab Getting the Job Done with WordPerfect for Windows\tab 7506-0541-3\tab $39.95\tab \tab \par 
____\tab Stanley \tab HyperTalk and HyperText\tab 7506-0500-6\tab $49.95\tab \tab \par 
____\tab Steele \tab Common Lisp, 2nd ed.\tab 55558-041-6\tab $39.95\tab \tab \par 
____\tab Tennick \tab Windows NT\tab 0-7506-0852-8\tab $24.95\tab \tab \par 
____\tab Walters \tab ABCs of MUMPS\tab 1-55558-017-3\tab $27.95\tab \tab \par 
\par 
\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab TOTAL\tab \tab \par 
\par 
\par 
}}